Portable executive file generator vs. 1.13.02 copyright (C) 2005 S. A. Moore
Number of modules:        1031
Number of symbols:       29955
Number of hash lanes:        1000
module string: c:\windows\system32\bootvid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kdcom.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSOERT2.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\INETCOMM.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\sfc_os.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSOEACCT.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSIDENT.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\mscoree.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\SHDOCVW.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\lz32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pswin.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\BROWSEUI.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\olecli32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\olecnv32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\olesvr32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\olethk32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\URLMON.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmv9vcm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\expsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\version.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msexch40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msexcl40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msjet40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msjint40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msjter40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mpr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msjetoledb40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\WININET.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\msjtes40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\w32time.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msltus40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mspbde40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msrd2x40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msrd3x40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nddeapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mstext40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\profmap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msxbde40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvinstnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ws2help.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdus.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vbajet32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\catsrvut.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\clbcatex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comsvcs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comuid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sfc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wintrust.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\es.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\advpack.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msdtcprx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msdtctm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msdtcuiu.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mtxclu.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cryptdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mtxoci.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\samsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ole32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rpcrt4.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntdsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rpcss.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\txflog.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\catsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\clbcatq.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\colbact.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\gdi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lsasrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wdigest.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msasn1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winscard.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msgina.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\schannel.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mswsock.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wshtcpip.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\h323msp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipnathlp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winrnr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasadhlp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rtutils.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mf3216.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vxblock.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dnsrslvr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lmhsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msidle.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rtcdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mscories.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msacm32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\fldrclnr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cfgmgr32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbcbcp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\SQLSRV32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msdart.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ODBC32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\regsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winipsec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmserver.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\DBnetlib.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ODBCCP32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wkssvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\esent.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pstorsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\drprov.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msgsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\itircl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netui0.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netui1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netrap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\davclnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wsock32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icmp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mprapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\activeds.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\drmstor.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\seclogon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\srvsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mspmspsv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\crypt32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cryptsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cscdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\schedsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\newdev.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\powrprof.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmadmoe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mstlsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shmedia.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\srrstr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\zipfldr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cnbjmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pjlmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tcpmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usbmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\inetpp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\authz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\aclui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\clb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\actxprxy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\idq.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cryptui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\linkinfo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\user32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmsdmoe2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvcrt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msxml.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msimtf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mstscax.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msctfp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmpcore.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jscript.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\syssetup.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3dim700.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msieftp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\webclnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nddenb32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\crtdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iuengine.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pstorec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\initpki.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ieaksie.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ddrawex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\psnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\amstream.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\laprxy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cryptnet.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpwsockx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\loadperf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mprui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netui2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netfxperf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsound.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\batmeter.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\drmv2clt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\devmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wuaueng.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qasf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsound3d.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\console.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\danim.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dx7vb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sclgntfy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shfolder.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\apphelp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3d8thk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dx8vb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mydocs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\aaaamon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\acledit.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\admparse.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\adptif.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipv6mon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\adsldpc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\adsmsext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\alrsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\apcups.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmpdxm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\asycfilt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\asfsipc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\atkctrs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\atmlib.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\atmpvcno.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\autodisc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\audiosrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\avicap32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\bidispl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmasf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnaddr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cabview.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\camocx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\capesnpn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cards.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ccfgnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cdfview.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpvoice.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cdosys.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\certmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\certcli.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ciadmin.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cic.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cfgbkend.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\oleprn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cliconfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnhpast.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cmcfg32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\clusapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cmdial32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cmpbk32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cmutil.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cnetcfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cnvfat.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comcat.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\opengl32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\compstui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comres.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\confmsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnhupnp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\corpol.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnlobby.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cryptext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\csseqchk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3dim.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpvacm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3dpmesh.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3drm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3dxof.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmscript.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dataclen.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\datime.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dbgeng.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dbghelp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dbmsadsn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dbmsvinn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsdmoprp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dbnmpntw.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dbmsrpcn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dciman32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpvvox.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\blackbox.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\deskadp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\deskmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\deskperf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msnetobj.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dfrgui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dfrgsnap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dfsshlex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dhcpmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dhcpsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\diactfrm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dgnet.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dimap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\digest.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dinput.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\diskcopy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dispex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dinput8.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmcompos.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmconfig.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmdlgs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmdskmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmime.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmintf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmloader.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmocx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmstyle.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dswave.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3d9.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmsynth.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmutil.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\docprop.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dnsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dplay.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsdmo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\devenum.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\encapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\docprop2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mciqtz32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qdv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnmodem.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qdvd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnwsock.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpserial.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\quartz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmvcore.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msdmo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpwsock.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qedit.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmsdmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmnetmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmidx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\panmap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsauth.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3d8.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dskquota.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dskquoui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmspdmoe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmusic.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ds32gt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsprop.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dssec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsuiext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dmband.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dssenh.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\faultrep.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dxmasf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ksuser.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wuapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\duser.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dxtrans.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dxdiagn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\esent97.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\esentprf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\eventcls.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\eventlog.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\exts.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\feclient.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\filemgmt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\fmifs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\fontext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\fontsub.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shell32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\fsusd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ftsrch.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\gcdef.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\glmf32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\glu32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\gpkcsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hlink.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hnetmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hnetwiz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netplwiz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hotplug.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\htui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iasads.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iasacct.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iashlpr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iasnap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iaspolcy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iasrad.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iasrecst.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iassam.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iassdo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iassvcs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iccvid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icaapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icmui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icm32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ieakeng.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\psisdecd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iernonce.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iepeers.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ifmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\igmpagnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ils.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ip6fwapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\inetppui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\infosoft.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\input.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\inseng.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipmontr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvcod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvidctl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iprop.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iprtprio.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iprtrmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipsecsnp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipsmsnap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipsecsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iphlpapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipxmontr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipxpromn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipxrip.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipxrtmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipxsap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ipxwan.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ir32_32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wship6.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msyuv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\FM20.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\jet500.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jgaw400.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jgmd400.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jgpl400.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jgsd400.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jgsh400.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jobexec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ixsso.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\jsproxy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdbe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdbene.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdbr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdca.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdcan.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdda.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbddv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdes.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdfc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdfi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdfo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdfr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdgae.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdgr1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdic.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdir.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdit.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdit142.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdla.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdmac.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdne.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdnec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdno.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdpo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdsf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdsg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdsw.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbduk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdusl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdusr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdusx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kerberos.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\langwrbk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\licdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\licwmi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\localsec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lmrt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\localui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\loghours.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lpk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lprhelp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lprmonui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\keymgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wstdecod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mapistub.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mcastmib.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mcd32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mcdsrv32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mchgrcoi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mciavi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mcicda.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mciole32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmvdmoe2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mciseq.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mciwave.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mdhcp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mdminst.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mdwmdmsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmvdmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mfc40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mfc40u.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mfc42.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mfc42u.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mgmtapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\midimap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\miglibnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mimefilt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mlang.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mll_hp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mll_mtf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mll_qic.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mindex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mmcshext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mmdrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mmutilse.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\modemui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mobsync.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mpg4dmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mp4sdmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mprddm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mprdim.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mprmsg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msaatext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msafd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msapsspc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mscat32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msconf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mscms.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mscpxl32.dLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmspdmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msencode.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmadmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mp43dmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mshtmled.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msisip.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msisam11.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pautoenr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mswmdm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msimg32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msihnd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msscp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mspmsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msls31.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmdmps.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmdmlog.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\CEWMDM.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mspatcha.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mspmsnsv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msports.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmpui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmpcd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msrle32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmpshell.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mssign32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mssip32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvbvm50.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvbvm60.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvcirt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvcp50.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvcrt40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvidc32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvfw32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msw3prt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmpasf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\Bot.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dhcpcsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msxml2r.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netshell.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wzcdlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSRDO20.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\wzcsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mycomput.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wzcsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ncxpnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ncobjapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hccoin.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netcfgx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netman.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winhttp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nmmkcert.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\npptools.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntlanui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntlanui2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntlsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntmarta.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntmsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntmsevt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntmsmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntprint.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntsdexts.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntvdmd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nwprovau.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\objsel.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\occache.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ocmanage.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbc32gt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbcconf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\6to4svc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbccr32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbcji32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbcjt32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbccu32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odbctrac.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\oleacc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\oledlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\inetmib1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\olepro32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\perfctrs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\perfdisk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\perfnet.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\perfos.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\perfproc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\perfts.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\photowiz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pdh.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\plustab.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\polstore.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pschdprf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\psnppagn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ip6fwhlp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\psbase.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ip6fwcfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\p2p.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\p2psvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\p2pgasvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qosname.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\p2pnetsh.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasauto.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasctrs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\raschap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasmontr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasmxs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasmans.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasrad.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasppp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasser.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rastapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rcbdyctl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rastls.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\regwizc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rend.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\resutils.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rnr20.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\routetab.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rpcns4.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rshx32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rsmps.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rsvpperf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rsvpsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rsaenh.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rtipxmib.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rtm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scarddlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scardssp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sccbase.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scredir.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scripto.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scrobj.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scrrun.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sdpblb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\security.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sendcmsg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sendmail.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\senscfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\serialui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\serwvdrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sensapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\setupdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sfmapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shgina.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shimeng.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\p2pGraph.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shscrap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shsvcs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sigtab.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sisbkup.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\skdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\slbcsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\slbiop.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\slayerxp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\smlogcfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\snmpsnap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\softpub.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\spnike.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sprio600.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sprio800.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\spoolss.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sqlunirl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sqlwid.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sqlwoa.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\srsvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pnrpNsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ssdpsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sti.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\streamci.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\storprop.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\svcpack.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\swprv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\synceng.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\syncui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sysinv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvoglnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\t2embed.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tapi3.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tapiperf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tapi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tapisrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tcpmib.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tcpmonui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\termmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\themeui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\traffic.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tsappcmp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tsbyuv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tsd32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ir41_qc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ufat.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\udhisapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\umdmxfrm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\osuninst.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\unimdmat.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\uniplat.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\untfs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ir41_qcx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\upnp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\upnphost.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\upnpui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ureg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ir50_32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\utildll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usp10.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ir50_qc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\uxtheme.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ir50_qcx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vcdex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vdmdbg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vbscript.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\verifier.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vfpodbc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vss_ps.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\w32topl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wavemsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\webhits.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\webvw.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiadefui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiascr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiadss.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiashext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiavideo.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiavusd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winfax.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winntbbu.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winstrm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wlnotify.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\InkEd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmiprop.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\encdec.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sbe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\drmclien.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvcpl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmsdmoe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmv8dmod.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmstream.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvmctray.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nview.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmvdmoe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wowfaxui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wshatm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wshcon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wshext.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wow32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wshisn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wshnetbs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\win32spl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\WshRm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvwddi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvwdmcpl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wuauserv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvshell.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\xactsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\xenroll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msctf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cscui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nvnt4cpl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ctl3d32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\d3dramp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\userenv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iuctl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iyuv_32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\RDOCURS.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\mslbui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msr2c.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msrclr40.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msrating.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvcrt20.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\oddbse32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odexl32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odfox32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odpdx32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\odtext32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\paqsp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pngfilt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrcntra.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrcoina.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrdpa.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrdtea.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrfaxa.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrlbva.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrrtosa.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrsdpia.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrsvpia.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrv42a.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrv80a.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrvoica.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usrvpa.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\setupapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\VBAME.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\SCP32.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSSTDFMT.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\samlib.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\stobject.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasman.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasdlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rasapi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\avifil32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\printui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\oleaut32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\EqnClass.Dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSSTKPRP.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\spxcoins.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msv1_0.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dgsetup.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dgrpsetu.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\irclass.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dplayx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\localspl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kernel32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\imagehlp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdycl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mcinsctl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\KBDAL.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\csrsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdcr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comdlg32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdcz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comctl32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdcz1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\basesrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdcz2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\advapi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhu.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\HAL.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhu1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdpl1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdpl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdro.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdsl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wtsapi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdsl1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wsnmp32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wldap32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winsta.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdest.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\winmm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdlv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\itiimg3.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdlv1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wiaservc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdlt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\webcheck.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdlt1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vssapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vdmredir.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\url.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhe.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdgkl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\umpnpmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhe220.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\umandlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhe319.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\tscfgwmi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhela2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\trkwks.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhela3.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdhept.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\termsrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\strmdll.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdblr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sti_ci.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdbu.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ssdpapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdru.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdru1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\lame_enc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdycc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\srclient.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdur.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wnaspi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdkaz.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbduzb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\snmpapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdaze.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dcfft2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdtat.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\shimgvw.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdmon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\DMO_TSXT.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdkyr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\macrovsn.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sfcfiles.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sens.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdtuf.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\secur32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdtuq.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kbdazel.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scesrv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\scecli.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sccsccp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\McGDMgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\usbui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\riched20.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\remotepg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\regapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rdpwsx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rdpsnd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rdchost.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rassapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\query.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cmprops.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\vxpsapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\licmgr10.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\DVDRGCTL.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mmfutil.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\psapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\servdeps.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\offfilt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\oakley.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comsnap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntshrui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\MMDVDROM.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntmssvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ntlanman.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qmgrprxy.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\nlhtml.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\GEARAspi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\catsrvps.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\stclient.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netlogon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comrepl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\comaddin.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msxml3.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mtxdm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msxml2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mtxex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msvcp60.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mtxlegih.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msutb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mstask.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msdtclog.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mstime.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msorcl32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\xolehlp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msnsspc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\bitsprx3.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cdmodem.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\bitsprx2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mmcndmgr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\kd1394.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ippromon.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\imm32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\rdpcfgex.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\itss.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\imgutil.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\imeshare.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iesetup.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\iedkcs32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hnetcfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\netapi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ersvc.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\els.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dxtmsft.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dxmrtp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dsquery.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ddraw.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cryptdlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\credui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sxs.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\compatui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ciodm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cabinet.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\browsewm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\browser.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\batt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\atl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\adsnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\adsldp.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wmvcore2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\SHLWAPI.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\MSHTML.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpmodemx.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\sbeio.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\dpnet.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mssap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\msftedit.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\qcap.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\getuname.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ati3d2ag.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ati3d1ag.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\pidgen.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mswebdvd.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wups.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\avtapi.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wucltui.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wuweb.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\avwav.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hticons.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\cdm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\hypertrm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\wuaueng1.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\DMO_CSDecode.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ComCSDecoder.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioVisualization2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icfgnt5.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\inetcfg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\isign32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icwdial.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\icwphbk.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioRecord2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioGrabber2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioTransform2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\MMCapWin.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioPlayer2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\isrdbg32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioInformation2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\atrace.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\racpldlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\safrcdlg.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\safrdm.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\safrslv.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\mapi32.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\anvcinst.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioFile2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\NCTAudioEditor2.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ComTruSurroundXT.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\AllNode.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\asustips.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\anvctrl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\anvioctl.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\anvosdnt.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\AsusVr.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\a3d.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\Audio3D.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\EL2K_CPP.dll
module string: c:\windows\system32\ROBOEX32.DLL
module string: c:\windows\system32\INETWH32.dll
Symbol: bitsprx2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_RegSaveKeyA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateFileW
Symbol: rasman_RasRegisterPnPHandler
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDuplicateDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSelectDevice
Symbol: w32topl_ToplAddEdgeSetToGraph
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctConfigChangeNotification
Symbol: odbcconf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msls31_LsFindNextBreakSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenPackageA
Symbol: shell32_SHFreeShared
Symbol: adsldpc_MapLDAPTypeToADSType
Symbol: adsldpc_MapADSTypeToLDAPType
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapcSetStickyServer
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdRenderMoComp
Symbol: crtdll__getdiskfree
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminServerConnect
Symbol: winscard_SCardIsValidContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncTag
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIIsClassIdLsaClass
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_DebugServerQueryInterface
Symbol: advpack_TranslateInfStringEx
Symbol: bootvid_VidScreenToBufferBlt
Symbol: bootvid_VidBufferToScreenBlt
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_GetVideoState
Symbol: bitsprx3_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: comaddin_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: umpnpmgr_DeleteServicePlugPlayRegKeys
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromCy
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileOpen
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEntryHrasconnA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetConnectStatusA
Symbol: rasman_RasSecurityDialogSend
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__wcmdln
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCycleDisplayDeviceEx
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplTriggerPageUpdate
Symbol: utildll_StandardErrorMessage
Symbol: slbcsp_CPCreateHash
Symbol: odbcconf_AppRegEnum
Symbol: mscat32_MsCatConstructHashTag
Symbol: shell32_SHGetUnreadMailCountW
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateBackupRestorerPrivate
Symbol: opengl32_glMaterialf
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypeKeySpec
Symbol: loadperf_RestorePerfRegistryFromFileW
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_strcmp
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetDescRec
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrTypeFlags
Symbol: mscoree__CorDllMain
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRenameExtensionA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindSuffixArrayA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_InfoA
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbclegal
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbalpha
Symbol: msvcrt20__fpieee_flt
Symbol: msvcrt20___p___wargv
Symbol: winfax_FaxCompleteJobParamsW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupGetDriverInfo3
Symbol: msvfw32_ICSeqCompressFrameEnd
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarAnd
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSStartShow
Symbol: ieakeng_ShowBitmapA
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPCreateHash
Symbol: dnsapi_NetInfo_Free
Symbol: cdfview_OpenChannel
Symbol: user32_GetRawInputDeviceInfoA
Symbol: user32_DefFrameProcA
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerBackup
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetThreadIsCritical
Symbol: lsasrv_LsapDsDebugInitialize
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidth32W
Symbol: samsrv_SamrGetMembersInAlias
Symbol: msftedit_RichComboBoxWndProc
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHLoadIndirectString
Symbol: batt_BatteryClassCoInstaller
Symbol: regapi_RegPdDeleteW
Symbol: advapi32_RegOpenKeyA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptAcquireContextA
Symbol: comdlg32_ChooseFontA
Symbol: kernel32_UnregisterConsoleIME
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCursorMode
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileInit
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassGuidsFromNameExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcalpha
Symbol: security_AddSecurityPackageW
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibProfileDisplay
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__wcmdln
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarAnd
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_logoff
Symbol: wship6_WSHGetWSAProtocolInfo
Symbol: hid_HidD_FlushQueue
Symbol: shell32_ILFindLastID
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsServerDelSubnet
Symbol: cic_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: activeds_ADsBuildVarArrayStr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Name_ExA
Symbol: mswsock_WSPStartup
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetTrustedDomainInfoByName
Symbol: gdi32_RealizePalette
Symbol: gdi32_GetStockObject
Symbol: ole32_CoTaskMemAlloc
Symbol: msdtcprx_ContactToNameObject
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdiv_m64
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIFindNext
Symbol: atl_AtlAxDialogBoxA
Symbol: dxmrtp_GetNumVideoCapDevices
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareDel
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupSetInfo
Symbol: regapi_RegPdCreateW
Symbol: winsta__WinStationUpdateClientCachedCredentials
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumaProcessorNode
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileTime
Symbol: samlib_SamOpenAlias
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetINFClassA
Symbol: setupapi_InstallHinfSectionA
Symbol: pnrpNsp_NSPStartup
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbclegal
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbalpha
Symbol: msvcrt40__fpieee_flt
Symbol: msvcrt40___p___wargv
Symbol: mscms_GetColorProfileElement
Symbol: shell32_SHGetRealIDL
Symbol: opengl32_glMateriali
Symbol: opengl32_glFrontFace
Symbol: opengl32_glClipPlane
Symbol: wmasf_ASFTimeToPresDeltaTime
Symbol: wmasf_ASFPresDeltaTimeToTime
Symbol: crtdll__y0
Symbol: msvcrt___p__dstbias
Symbol: user32_CreateIconFromResource
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSLicenseEnumBegin
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarmByHandle
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLWritePrivateProfileStringW
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLValidDSN
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarLookupPrivilegeDisplayName
Symbol: gdi32_GdiSwapBuffers
Symbol: ole32_STGMEDIUM_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryLinkFromClip
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeEditIsSafeToRun
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExInitialize
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_CopyImage
Symbol: winmm_midiOutUnprepareHeader
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_SetScrollProp
Symbol: imagehlp_StackWalk64
Symbol: kernel32_SetCPGlobal
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupDiSetDeviceInfoContext
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRegisterOptions
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcalpha
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarAbs
Symbol: mspatcha_ApplyPatchToFileExW
Symbol: shell32_SHGetInstanceExplorer
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDsInit
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2sv
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterResourceNetworkName
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionLength
Symbol: crtdll__y1
Symbol: user32_GetOpenClipboardWindow
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveDSNFromIniW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Disable_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListDomainsInSiteA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcProtseqVectorFreeW
Symbol: ole32_HICON_UserFree
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluTakeOfflineDTCA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPowerR8
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryReleaseError
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsValidFileNameCharA
Symbol: anvioctl_GetDDCInfo
Symbol: advapi32_RegEnumKeyA
Symbol: advapi32_RegCloseKey
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumerateModules
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentDirectoryA
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetIconA
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPortsW
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeFilterSpec
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleGetAccessInfoPerObjectType
Symbol: ntlanui_ShareManage
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarAbs
Symbol: msimg32_GradientFill
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFileHashA
Symbol: iprtrmgr_MapAddressToAdapter
Symbol: icm32_CMTranslateRGB
Symbol: duser_GetTransitionInterface
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3sv
Symbol: adsldpc_AllocADsStr
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapModifyS
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeUserThreadStack
Symbol: esent_JetTruncateLogInstance
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDisconnect
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_Size
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Create_DevNode_ExA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetDomainInformationPolicy
Symbol: gdi32_SetMapperFlags
Symbol: ole32_CoInvalidateRemoteMachineBindings
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetCookieExA
Symbol: olecli32_ErrActivate
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAllocFtinfoEntry
Symbol: ssdpapi_RegisterNotification
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdnW
Symbol: advapi32_StartTraceA
Symbol: advapi32_RegLoadKeyW
Symbol: kernel32_HeapQueryInformation
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableAddStringEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDestroyClassImageList
Symbol: msvcrt20__safe_fprem
Symbol: t2embed_TTIsEmbeddingEnabledForFacename
Symbol: polstore_IPSecEnumNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecEnumISAKMPData
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectsA
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCat
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctConfigChangeNotification
Symbol: iasnap_IASEvaluateExpression
Symbol: shell32_SHLockShared
Symbol: shell32_PifMgr_OpenProperties
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetOptionValues
Symbol: opengl32_wglChoosePixelFormat
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4sv
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadImageW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMAddFontEx
Symbol: user32_DdeGetQualityOfService
Symbol: crypt32_CryptInstallOIDFunctionAddress
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsGenericTableEmpty
Symbol: ntdll_LdrFindEntryForAddress
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecBit
Symbol: gdi32_SetMagicColors
Symbol: mscoree__CorExeMain
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSetBodyPropA
Symbol: safrcdlg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cdmodem_CdIoControl
Symbol: HAL_WRITE_PORT_BUFFER_USHORT
Symbol: HAL_READ_PORT_ULONG
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileAttributesExW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallServicesFromInfSectionExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__safe_fdivr
Symbol: ctl3d32_EditWndProc3d
Symbol: polstore_IPSecEnumFilterData
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbAddCounter
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaScheduleW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLPrimaryKeys
Symbol: hccoin_HCCOIN_Entry
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCat
Symbol: glmf32_glsCallStream
Symbol: fmifs_QueryDeviceInformation
Symbol: blackbox_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbkalnum
Symbol: user32_BroadcastSystemMessage
Symbol: activeds_SecurityDescriptorToBinarySD
Symbol: activeds_BinarySDToSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallTranslator
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1open_free
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllGetDTCUtilObject
Symbol: clbcatex_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: WININET_DeleteUrlCacheEntryW
Symbol: WININET_CommitUrlCacheEntryA
Symbol: INETWH32_LDLLHandler
Symbol: ROBOEX32_LDLLHandler
Symbol: secur32_SaslInitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDereferenceProcess
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemCodePagesW
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_UserSize
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileExit
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcspace
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetResourceDependency
Symbol: raschap_RasCpEnumProtocolIds
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibBegin
Symbol: msvcrt40__safe_fprem
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarNeg
Symbol: loghours_DialinHoursDialogEx
Symbol: FM20_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iphlpapi_NotifyRouteChangeEx
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIfEntryFromStack
Symbol: iassam_IASParmsFreeUserParms
Symbol: iashlpr_MemAllocIas
Symbol: exts_ustr
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapSearchAbandonPage
Symbol: crtdll__osmajor_dll
Symbol: msvcrt___mb_cur_max
Symbol: mstlsapi_LsCsp_GetServerData
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSKeyPackEnumBegin
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminServerConnect
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetDefaultUILanguage
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_DbgBreakPoint
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapCreate
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Resource_Conflict_Count
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_POLICY_DOMAIN_INFORMATION
Symbol: gdi32_RemoveFontMemResourceEx
Symbol: gdi32_GetICMProfileW
Symbol: WININET_GopherCreateLocatorW
Symbol: WININET_CreateUrlCacheEntryW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegGetBoolUSValueA
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplImportDirLock
Symbol: regapi_RegWdDeleteW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_init_pageA
Symbol: HAL_HalEnableSystemInterrupt
Symbol: advapi32_AddAccessAllowedAceEx
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrCreateRemoteThread
Symbol: kernel32_MoveFileExA
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCursorInfo
Symbol: kernel32_FreeConsole
Symbol: kernel32_AddLocalAlternateComputerNameA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDestroyDeviceInfoList
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiBuildClassInfoListExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_ListW
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dCtlColor
Symbol: drmclien_CanDecrypt
Symbol: winntbbu_BB_Refresh
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetCurrentLocation
Symbol: setupdll_GetInstalledOSNames
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLStatisticsW
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsMediaComplete
Symbol: ntmsapi_CreateNtmsMediaPoolW
Symbol: ncxpnt_HrEnableDhcp
Symbol: msvcrt40__safe_fdivr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarNeg
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaObjVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLbound
Symbol: ieakeng_ShowDeskCpl
Symbol: hlink_HlinkNavigate
Symbol: glmf32_glsReadPrefix
Symbol: dmloader_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__beginthread
Symbol: user32_DdeDisconnect
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeSListHead
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetNameCanonicalize
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Locate_DevNode_ExA
Symbol: es_RegisterTheEventServiceDuringSetup
Symbol: WININET_GopherFindFirstFileW
Symbol: MSOERT2_ShellUtil_GetSpecialFolderPath
Symbol: racpldlg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminGetUserParms
Symbol: regapi_RegWdCreateW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modifyW
Symbol: advapi32_GetCurrentHwProfileW
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterDataEx
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetLinkStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__tzname
Symbol: vfpodbc_ConfigDSNEx
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetStmtAttr
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcspace
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaObjVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLbound
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATPutMemberInfo
Symbol: inseng_DownloadFile
Symbol: glmf32_glsUnreadFunc
Symbol: glmf32_glsEndCapture
Symbol: ftsrch_DiscardIndex
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNodeCloseEnum
Symbol: user32_GetClassNameA
Symbol: user32_ActivateKeyboardLayout
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminServerGetInfo
Symbol: wsock32_WSACancelAsyncRequest
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatInitializePortReservation
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqDynamicEndpointW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeObj
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreateIMAPTransport
Symbol: comdlg32_PrintDlgExA
Symbol: kernel32_LocalUnlock
Symbol: kernel32_FreeLibrary
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcEnumConnections
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetBinaryField
Symbol: synceng_CreateFolderTwinList
Symbol: odbcjt32_OpenDirHook
Symbol: shell32_SHTestTokenMembership
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetRect
Symbol: diactfrm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wsock32_WSAUnhookBlockingHook
Symbol: netrap_RapAuxDataCountOffset
Symbol: comsvcs_CoCreateStdTrustable
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRedimPreserveVar
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathAppendA
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleRegisterTypeLib
Symbol: imm32_ImmInstallIMEA
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetPlaybackRate
Symbol: kernel32_ProcessIdToSessionId
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommMask
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterDriverDirectory
Symbol: rasman_RasCompressionGetInfo
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dRegister
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyISAKMPData
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLMoreResults
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__tzname
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrAryToUnicode
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaObjSet
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetOpcodes
Symbol: shell32_SheFullPathA
Symbol: shell32_SHSetUnreadMailCountW
Symbol: shell32_SHDoDragDrop
Symbol: dbghelp_SymFromAddr
Symbol: opengl32_glDepthMask
Symbol: opengl32_glDepthFunc
Symbol: pstorec_PStoreCreateInstance
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryFileStatusExA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeHandle
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserEnum
Symbol: esent_JetFreeBuffer
Symbol: msdart_PeekMessageI
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPlayJournal
Symbol: SHDOCVW_SetShellOfflineState
Symbol: GEARAspi_GetASPI32SupportInfo
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxWinStationRundown
Symbol: advapi32_CredpDecodeCredential
Symbol: kernel32_PrepareTape
Symbol: kernel32_LZOpenFileA
Symbol: kernel32_GetWindowsDirectoryA
Symbol: kernel32_CopyFileExA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupScanFileQueueA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiRemoveDevice
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcdigit
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbgraph
Symbol: sbe_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyFilterData
Symbol: oleacc_GetRoleTextA
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLAllocEnv
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrAryToUnicode
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaObjSet
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLenVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaChkstk
Symbol: hlink_HlinkPreprocessMoniker
Symbol: avicap32_videoThunk32
Symbol: apcups_UPSWaitForStateChange
Symbol: msvcrt___p__mbctype
Symbol: user32_RegisterWindowMessageA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheck
Symbol: esent_JetDefragment
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_Empty_Log_Conf
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditAccountLogon
Symbol: gdi32_GetSystemPaletteEntries
Symbol: ole32_CoEnableCallCancellation
Symbol: cryptdll_CDFindCommonCSystem
Symbol: olethk32_ConvertObjDescriptor
Symbol: pidgen_SetupPIDGenA
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmRestoreToolbarWnd
Symbol: advapi32_QueryTraceA
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCursorMode
Symbol: kernel32_SearchPathW
Symbol: kernel32_LocalShrink
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcgraph
Symbol: sendmail_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcp50___Wcrtomb_lk
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLenVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaChkstk
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDateDiff
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarMod
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATEnumerateAttr
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIcmpStatisticsEx
Symbol: glmf32_glsUTF8toUCSz
Symbol: glmf32_glsUCStoUTF8z
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumerateSymbols64
Symbol: crtdll__environ_dll
Symbol: msvcrt__j0
Symbol: user32_MapDialogRect
Symbol: user32_ChangeDisplaySettingsW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSUpgradeLicenseEx
Symbol: esent_JetCloseTable
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Disconnect_Machine
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackSpnA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarIndexStoreObj
Symbol: msvcp60___Wcrtomb_lk
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetResourceParent
Symbol: HAL_HalAllocateAdapterChannel
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterEventSourceW
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithSidW
Symbol: advapi32_BuildImpersonateExplicitAccessWithNameW
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileTime
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleWindowInfo
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalUnfix
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileSize
Symbol: localspl_SplDeletePrinterKey
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFileCompressionInfoW
Symbol: drmclien_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wiadefui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetStatusMessages
Symbol: setupdll_GetHardDriveLetters
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcdigit
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbgraph
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDateDiff
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarMod
Symbol: mscms_SetColorProfileElement
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpStatsFromStack
Symbol: dbghelp_SymUnDName64
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexMask
Symbol: msvcrt__j1
Symbol: crypt32_CryptCloseAsyncHandle
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncGetHostByAddr
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindLongestRunClear
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationObject
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Delete_DevNode_Key
Symbol: rpcrt4_TowerExplode
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrDllUnregisterProxy
Symbol: ole32_CoTreatAsClass
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirLock
Symbol: netapi32_NetFileEnum
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetIMCCSize
Symbol: advapi32_FlushTraceW
Symbol: kernel32_Thread32Next
Symbol: kernel32_LZCloseFile
Symbol: rasman_RasGetBuffer
Symbol: samlib_SamSetInformationUser
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_MaskPeriodicInt
Symbol: msvcrt20__filelength
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__pctype
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeDocumentationProperty
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentGroupListW
Symbol: tapi32_MMCInitialize
Symbol: rtm_DeleteFromTable
Symbol: pid_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLTransact
Symbol: odbcconf_RegVersion
Symbol: ntlanui_ShareCreate
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcgraph
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbResetProjectNormal
Symbol: psisdecd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconA
Symbol: shell32_SHSetInstanceExplorer
Symbol: dgnet_InitHelperDll
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetTSCertificate
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeToOemN
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryProcessDebugInformation
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateHeap
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtMapUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapDestroy
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncBit
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetLogonGuidInLogonSession
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIImpersonateClient
Symbol: gdi32_AnyLinkedFonts
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListServersForDomainInSiteW
Symbol: ole32_HMENU_UserFree
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterInitializeSpy
Symbol: MSOEACCT_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetBodyPropW
Symbol: MSOERT2_SetWindowLongPtrAthW
Symbol: cdm_CloseCDMContext
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupAdd
Symbol: ntlanman_NPFormatNetworkName
Symbol: query_BindIFilterFromStorage
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sslinit
Symbol: advapi32_RegFlushKey
Symbol: kernel32_SetCurrentDirectoryA
Symbol: kernel32_FoldStringA
Symbol: rasman_RasSendCreds
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcRemoteGetSystemDirectory
Symbol: msctf_TF_GetMlngHKL
Symbol: psbase_SPDeleteItem
Symbol: polstore_IPSecEnumPolicyData
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbResetProjectNormal
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarDiv
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8FixI2
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllInit
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDecodeHook
Symbol: shell32_SHLoadInProc
Symbol: adsldpc_GetSyntaxOfAttribute
Symbol: user32_GetKeyboardLayoutNameW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeRangeList
Symbol: msdart_SendMessageI
Symbol: msdart_GetPrivateProfileIntI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_HW_Prof_FlagsA
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetCookieExA
Symbol: kernel32_SystemTimeToFileTime
Symbol: kernel32_RequestWakeupLatency
Symbol: kernel32_GetGeoInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_FileTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: tapi32_lineRedirectW
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrInqNextW
Symbol: pdh_PdhVerifySQLDBA
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLProcedureColumnsW
Symbol: msvcrt40__filelength
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__pctype
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarDiv
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8FixI2
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetSecondOfMinute
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUbound
Symbol: iphlpapi_NTPTimeToNTFileTime
Symbol: ieakeng_ShowInetcpl
Symbol: shell32_FreeIconList
Symbol: dbghelp_SymFromName
Symbol: syssetup_AsrCreateStateFileA
Symbol: user32_DdeSetQualityOfService
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFreeHeap
Symbol: gdi32_GetPixelFormat
Symbol: ole32_RevokeDragDrop
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameKeyInstall
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_GetVGAStatus
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vD3dHslSetDriverCalls
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocCreate
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaTransportAdd
Symbol: comctl32_RemoveWindowSubclass
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_Destroy
Symbol: samlib_SamCreateUser2InDomain
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDrawMiniIcon
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Register_Device_InterfaceW
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbicoll
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplUpdatePersistData
Symbol: smlogcfg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLTransact
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLCopyDesc
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetSecondOfMinute
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUbound
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8FixI4
Symbol: msi_MsiCreateRecord
Symbol: digest_AcceptSecurityContext
Symbol: opengl32_glLineWidth
Symbol: opengl32_glInitNames
Symbol: iuengine_EngInstall
Symbol: webclnt_ServiceMain
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddCRLLinkToStore
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLNativeSqlA
Symbol: ODBC32_PostODBCError
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertFont
Symbol: ole32_MonikerCommonPrefixWith
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCVirtualServerNameA
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluBringOnlineDTCA
Symbol: wintrust_TrustIsCertificateSelfSigned
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCastObj
Symbol: olecli32_LeSetBounds
Symbol: NCTAudioFile2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vD3dHslSetDriverCalls
Symbol: atl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ssdpapi_DHSetICSOff
Symbol: winmm_waveOutUnprepareHeader
Symbol: kernel32_WriteProfileSectionW
Symbol: localspl_SplAddForm
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFindFirstLineA
Symbol: tapi32_LOpenDialAsst
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8FixI4
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcPackDate
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarImp
Symbol: mscms_UninstallColorProfileA
Symbol: mciole32_InstallHook
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDRawDecode
Symbol: duser_GetMessageExA
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetPostScriptNameW
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdColorControl
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundEnumerateW
Symbol: crtdll__osminor_dll
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbkpunct
Symbol: user32_OpenClipboard
Symbol: user32_CheckMenuItem
Symbol: activeds_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: activeds_FreeADsStr
Symbol: esent_JetStopServiceInstance
Symbol: gdi32_SetICMProfileW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesProcEncodeDecode
Symbol: ole32_CoInitializeEx
Symbol: msdtcuiu_InitDACDLL
Symbol: ws2help_WahCreateSocketHandle
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetDialState
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetCurrentCalendar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaDateVar
Symbol: MSOERT2_SetIntlFont
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHIsLowMemoryMachine
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplImportDirEnum
Symbol: winmm_midiInMessage
Symbol: advapi32_RegSaveKeyW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumerateSymbols
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCursorInfo
Symbol: kernel32_BackupWrite
Symbol: setupapi_SetupVerifyInfFileA
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__pgmptr
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplForceTVConnection
Symbol: usp10_ScriptApplyLogicalWidth
Symbol: sendcmsg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbicoll
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcPackDate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarImp
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarFix
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8IntI2
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenPackageW
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDescribeMcdLayerPlane
Symbol: shell32_SHPropStgReadMultiple
Symbol: dpnmodem_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cmutil_CmParsePathA
Symbol: admparse_IsAdmDirty
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_DoPasswordDialog
Symbol: user32_GetClassInfoA
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddCTLLinkToStore
Symbol: wsock32___WSAFDIsSet
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncGetHostByName
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_NtCancelTimer
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetPathCanonicalize
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveTranslatorW
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_readfmt
Symbol: gdi32_cGetTTFFromFOT
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvInstallW2KDispDrv
Symbol: mmcndmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminSetUserParms
Symbol: sti_ci_ClassInstall
Symbol: comctl32_DSA_Destroy
Symbol: imagehlp_SymUnDName
Symbol: imagehlp_SymCleanup
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessIoCounters
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileType
Symbol: localspl_SplSetPrinterDataEx
Symbol: localspl_SplLogEventExternal
Symbol: oleaut32_LoadTypeLib
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEntryHrasconnW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetConnectStatusW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetBundledPort
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__winver
Symbol: rasppp_RasSrvrReleaseAddress
Symbol: rasrad_RasAuthConfigChangeNotification
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetStmtAttr
Symbol: ntmsapi_BeginNtmsDeviceChangeDetection
Symbol: nmmkcert_NmMakeCert
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarFix
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8IntI2
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrCat
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaResume
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDHeartbeat
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDGetDevice
Symbol: shell32_SHMultiFileProperties
Symbol: filemgmt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: esent97_JetCloseFile
Symbol: digest_DeleteSecurityContext
Symbol: dfrgsnap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: csseqchk_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glColorMask
Symbol: opengl32_glCallLists
Symbol: apphelp_SdbEnumMsiTransforms
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcsymbol
Symbol: user32_GetAltTabInfo
Symbol: wdigest_SpUserModeInitialize
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISafeMode
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextCharset
Symbol: WININET_InternetWriteFileExA
Symbol: WININET_FtpCommandA
Symbol: ati3d1ag_pDdHslSharedMemCalloc
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCombineA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRenameExtensionW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveExtensionA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindSuffixArrayW
Symbol: els_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iedkcs32_ProcessGroupPolicyEx
Symbol: advapi32_CredpEncodeCredential
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalMemoryStatusEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFileExA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetTargetPathA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_InfoW
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbtrail
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGetSpanningTreeEdgesForVtx
Symbol: sqlunirl_newMultiByteFromWideCharSize
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyPolicyData
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__pgmptr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrCat
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaResume
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8IntI4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaInStrB
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarDup
Symbol: msls31_LsGetWarichuLsimethods
Symbol: mapistub_MAPILogoff
Symbol: ifmon_InitHelperDll
Symbol: ieakeng_ShowBitmapW
Symbol: iassvcs_IASRegisterComponent
Symbol: esent97_JetAddColumn
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetRect
Symbol: duser_DetachWndProc
Symbol: opengl32_glGetFloatv
Symbol: clusapi_CloseClusterResource
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixIsIdentity
Symbol: crtdll__mbcjmstojis
Symbol: crtdll__mbcjistojms
Symbol: user32_GetRawInputDeviceInfoW
Symbol: user32_DefFrameProcW
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncGetServByName
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLProcedures
Symbol: msdart_LoadLibraryI
Symbol: winscard_SCardState
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListInfoForServerA
Symbol: advpack_RegisterOCX
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvInstallNT4DispDrv
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeIsValidShareNameA
Symbol: WININET_FtpGetFileA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLenVarB
Symbol: ati3d2ag_pDdHslSharedMemCalloc
Symbol: winmm_waveOutSetPlaybackRate
Symbol: advapi32_RegOpenKeyW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptAcquireContextW
Symbol: comdlg32_ChooseFontW
Symbol: kernel32_SetCommMask
Symbol: rasman_RasCompressionSetInfo
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_ExA
Symbol: usrdpa_DeInitialize
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbalnum
Symbol: msctf_TF_CUASAppFix
Symbol: vcdex_VDDInitialize
Symbol: rcbdyctl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rasmans__RasmanInit
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__winver
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8IntI4
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaInStrB
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarDup
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSub
Symbol: mspatcha_GetFilePatchSignatureByHandle
Symbol: msi_MsiSetFeatureAttributesA
Symbol: mprddm_DDMServicePostListens
Symbol: mimefilt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDAuxDecode
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetSize
Symbol: dsauth_StoreSetSearchSubTree
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsInitDS
Symbol: dbghelp_dh
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorCrossProduct
Symbol: syssetup_LegacyDriverPropPageProvider
Symbol: msvcrt__endthreadex
Symbol: user32_InSendMessage
Symbol: msdart_LookupPrivilegeValueI
Symbol: msdart_CreateEventI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Name_ExW
Symbol: fldrclnr_DllInstall
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx_free
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsaopUnBind
Symbol: msdtcuiu_TermDACDLL
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargObj
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeVar
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRegisterServerDoc
Symbol: atl_AtlAxDialogBoxW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetINFClassW
Symbol: setupapi_InstallHinfSectionW
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcalnum
Symbol: wiavideo_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: uniplat_UnimodemQueueUserAPC
Symbol: synceng_GetVolumeDescription
Symbol: sccbase_CPImportKey
Symbol: rasmans_ServiceMain
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaSetRunAsA
Symbol: nwprovau_NwClearGatewayShare
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibClose
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbtrail
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSub
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFreeFile
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarInt
Symbol: langwrbk_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ieakeng_ModifyZones
Symbol: shell32_ILCloneFirst
Symbol: capesnpn_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__pwctype_dll
Symbol: msvcrt__getdiskfree
Symbol: user32_GetClassLongA
Symbol: netui1_SetupSession
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarEnumerateAccounts
Symbol: gdi32_GdiCleanCacheDC
Symbol: samsrv_SamrTestPrivateFunctionsDomain
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFEnumCatAttributes
Symbol: olesvr32_SendDataMsg
Symbol: ntlanman_NPCancelConnectionForCSCAgent
Symbol: secur32_AcceptSecurityContext
Symbol: winsta__WinStationBreakPoint
Symbol: advapi32_AbortSystemShutdownA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecRound
Symbol: rasman_RasGetCustomScriptDll
Symbol: setupapi_SetupPrepareQueueForRestoreA
Symbol: w32topl_ToplSTHeapCostReduced
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetNodeInfo
Symbol: scarddlg_SCardUIDlgChangePINA
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilPropertyListFromParameterBlock
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLConnectW
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLFreeStmt
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbalnum
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFreeFile
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarInt
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarEqv
Symbol: msconf_OpenConfLink
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetNumberOfCommands
Symbol: hid_HidP_TranslateUsagesToI8042ScanCodes
Symbol: esent97_JetOpenTable
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetOptionValuesDS
Symbol: dnsapi_NetInfo_Copy
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSICloseSearchHandle
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetBltStatus
Symbol: syssetup_SetupChangeLocaleEx
Symbol: msvcrt___p__environ
Symbol: user32_InvalidateRgn
Symbol: crypt32_I_CertProtectFunction
Symbol: ntdll_NtEnumerateBootEntries
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListDomainsInSiteW
Symbol: ole32_CoUninitialize
Symbol: samsrv_SamrSetMemberAttributesOfGroup
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluTakeOfflineDTCW
Symbol: wintrust_OfficeCleanupPolicy
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_QueryInterface
Symbol: mscoree_CorBindToRuntimeHost
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsValidFileNameCharW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCatBuffA
Symbol: srclient_EnableSREx
Symbol: advapi32_RegEnumKeyW
Symbol: comctl32_InitCommonControlsEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentDirectoryW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasEntryDlgA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsCheckSmbDescriptor
Symbol: uniplat_StopMonitoringHandle
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetStatusMessages
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetIconW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupSetSelectDevTitleAndInstructions
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcalnum
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarEqv
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryVar
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFileHashW
Symbol: ils_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glu32_gluPartialDisk
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumerateSymbolsW
Symbol: amstream_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_CallMsgFilter
Symbol: powrprof_ReadGlobalPwrPolicy
Symbol: seclogon_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReadOutOfProcessMemoryStream
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Create_DevNode_ExW
Symbol: ole32_CoBuildVersion
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetCookieExW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLike
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirEnum
Symbol: HAL_HalStartProfileInterrupt
Symbol: advapi32_StartTraceW
Symbol: kernel32_WriteFileEx
Symbol: kernel32_HeapDestroy
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvEnumConnections
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSelectOEMDrv
Symbol: userenv_ProcessGroupPolicyCompletedEx
Symbol: ir50_qcx_CompressEnd
Symbol: ir41_qcx_CompressEnd
Symbol: uniplat_UmPlatformInitialize
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectsW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetInfoW
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetVolumesFromDriveA
Symbol: msvfw32_MCIWndCreate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUdtVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarMul
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUnkVar
Symbol: msi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ftsrch_IsValidIndex
Symbol: opengl32_glStencilOp
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminDeregisterConnectionNotification
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReleaseMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiContinue
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Open_Class_Key_ExA
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhWriteStreamSocket
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecTableCharStringNoAlloc
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcReallocPipeBuffer
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSetBodyPropW
Symbol: MMCapWin_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mswebdvd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupDel
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCompositionWindow
Symbol: secur32_DeleteSecurityContext
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_InitTwain
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGenKey
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualFree
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInterfaceA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCloseFileQueue
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomDeleteCrackedData
Symbol: ctl3d32_ListWndProc3d
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevQGetInfo
Symbol: rtm_MgmDeInitialize
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLFreeStmt
Symbol: ntmsapi_OpenNtmsNotification
Symbol: wzcsapi_CloseWZCDbLogSession
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarMul
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUnkVar
Symbol: mprddm_RasAuthConfigChangeNotification
Symbol: autodisc_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: autodisc_DllInstall
Symbol: msvcrt__y0
Symbol: user32_GetWindowContextHelpId
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetFileVersion
Symbol: wsock32_getnetbyname
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_HW_Prof_FlagsA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_First_Log_Conf
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransDatagramFree
Symbol: ole32_OleLockRunning
Symbol: ole32_HICON_UserSize
Symbol: WININET_CommitUrlCacheEntryW
Symbol: URLMON_GetSoftwareUpdateInfo
Symbol: INETCOMM_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: NCTAudioVisualization2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msdtclog_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: secur32_SaslInitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_startup
Symbol: mcinsctl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_Module32Next
Symbol: msrclr40_GetDlgTitle
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetMessageNameEnum
Symbol: wow32_WOWCallback16Ex
Symbol: nvcpl_launchpowermizerapplet
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumJobsA
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGetAlwaysSchedule
Symbol: sqlunirl_AllocConvertMultiSZNameToAEx
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterDataExW
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubLoadSignature
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyFilterSpec
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrCmp
Symbol: msls31_LsFinishCurrentSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumPatchesA
Symbol: wstdecod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrInterfaceEnum
Symbol: glmf32_glsGenContext
Symbol: shell32_SheGetDirExW
Symbol: shell32_Control_RunDLLAsUserW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetSystemParameter
Symbol: qdv_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMBBoxBaseXYShowText
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdBlt
Symbol: cryptnet_I_CryptNetGetHostNameFromUrl
Symbol: msvcrt__y1
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxExA
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceGetCredentials
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtAlertThread
Symbol: esent_JetGetLogInfo
Symbol: gdi32_SetPixelFormat
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsServerRegisterSpnA
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateEmbeddingHelper
Symbol: samsrv_SamrLookupIdsInDomain
Symbol: samsrv_SamIUPNFromUserHandle
Symbol: mscoree_CollectCtrs
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeEditGetBackgroundImageUrl
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegGetBoolUSValueW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHGetValueA
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaTransportDel
Symbol: imm32_ImmDestroyIMCC
Symbol: msnsspc_SealMessage
Symbol: winmm_timeEndPeriod
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_init_pageW
Symbol: kernel32_MoveFileExW
Symbol: kernel32_AddLocalAlternateComputerNameW
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterDriver
Symbol: rasman_RasGetInfoEx
Symbol: stobject_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeFree
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetSymbol
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMDetectWOW
Symbol: spoolss_WaitForPrinterChange
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetRegisteredEntities
Symbol: rasppp_RasSrvrAcquireAddress
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLPrepareW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrCmp
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileSeek
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarNot
Symbol: msls31_LsSetBreaking
Symbol: mshtmled_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceOpen
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalSetTcpEntry
Symbol: iasrecst_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shell32_SHRestricted
Symbol: duser_RegisterGadgetProperty
Symbol: dbghelp_FindExecutableImageEx
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapcKeepHandleAround
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdDeleteDirectDrawObject
Symbol: syssetup_SetupInfObjectInstallActionW
Symbol: msvcrt__adjust_fdiv
Symbol: user32_GetClientRect
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationThread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwMapUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteRegistryValue
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetEnvAttr
Symbol: msdart_SystemParametersInfoI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Locate_DevNode_ExW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiDeleteSpoolFileHandle
Symbol: gdi32_Chord
Symbol: ole32_UtGetDvtd32Info
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpCmpCy
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFromTimeIntervalA
Symbol: rdpcfgex_ExtEncryptionLevels
Symbol: usbui_USBHubPropPageProvider
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcConvertTextToSD
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcConvertSDToText
Symbol: advapi32_AreAllAccessesGranted
Symbol: kernel32_NumaVirtualQueryNode
Symbol: kernel32_HeapSummary
Symbol: localspl_EnumPrintProcessorDatatypesW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetSourceInfoA
Symbol: msvcrt20___dllonexit
Symbol: udhisapi_GetExtensionVersion
Symbol: sccbase_CPExportKey
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyAuthMethod
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDiagField
Symbol: npptools_CreateBlob
Symbol: netshell_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileSeek
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarNot
Symbol: msls31_LsGetReverseLsimethods
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMQuaternionMultiply
Symbol: opengl32_glPopAttrib
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCreateDirectDrawObject
Symbol: wuaueng_ServiceMain
Symbol: msvcrt___lconv_init
Symbol: user32_GetClassNameW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAccessDeniedAceEx
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhAcquireVariableLengthBuffer
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSsEnableAllocate
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSetCurrentCalendar
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetCertificateParam
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCompareA
Symbol: comdlg32_PrintDlgExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Data
Symbol: msvcrt20__wsetlocale
Symbol: scrobj_DllUnregisterServerEx
Symbol: pdh_PdhiPlaSetRunAs
Symbol: duser_AddGadgetMessageHandler
Symbol: dmutil_GetErrorData
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbkalnum
Symbol: user32_DdePostAdvise
Symbol: user32_ChildWindowFromPointEx
Symbol: ole32_UtGetDvtd16Info
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathAppendW
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertConfigureTrustA
Symbol: ddraw_DDGetAttachedSurfaceLcl
Symbol: imm32_ImmInstallIMEW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn2A
Symbol: localspl_SplXcvData
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplResetToLastActive
Symbol: drmclien_GetVersion
Symbol: uxtheme_IsAppThemed
Symbol: utildll_StrAsyncConnectState
Symbol: tcpmib_GetTcpMibPtr
Symbol: setupdll_GetPrinterDriverDir
Symbol: msvcrt40___dllonexit
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFixstrConstruct
Symbol: shell32_SheFullPathW
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFlushResolverCacheEntry_UTF8
Symbol: dfsshlex_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_wglGetCurrentContext
Symbol: opengl32_glGetString
Symbol: authz_AuthzInitializeContextFromToken
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryFileStatusExW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptAddRefLruEntry
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryInformationAcl
Symbol: ntdll_RtlPrefixUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheckByTypeAndAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_DbgPrintReturnControlC
Symbol: msdart_GetUserNameI
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonEncapsulatedUnionMarshall
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetFileName
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarIdiv
Symbol: expsrv___vbaBoolVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryLock
Symbol: icwdial_DialingDownloadDialog
Symbol: compatui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: scecli_SceBrowseDatabaseTable
Symbol: vdmredir_VrDispatch
Symbol: advapi32_ElfClearEventLogFileA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToAccessNamedA
Symbol: kernel32_LZOpenFileW
Symbol: kernel32_GetWindowsDirectoryW
Symbol: kernel32_CopyFileExW
Symbol: localspl_ClosePrintProcessor
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromUI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromI1
Symbol: setupapi_SetupScanFileQueueW
Symbol: sti_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rasauto_ServiceMain
Symbol: oleacc_GetRoleTextW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLFreeStmt
Symbol: msvcrt40__wsetlocale
Symbol: msvcrt40__findnexti64
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFixstrConstruct
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemNamedCall
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrDeleteInfoBlockFromInterfaceInfo
Symbol: dmcompos_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msnetobj_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dpnhpast_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_RegisterWindowMessageW
Symbol: user32_GetUpdateRect
Symbol: user32_GetMenuItemID
Symbol: user32_GetDlgItemInt
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateToken
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateTimer
Symbol: davclnt_NPCloseEnum
Symbol: netrap_RapStructureAlignment
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListServersInSiteA
Symbol: ole32_CoUnloadingWOW
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreateNNTPTransport
Symbol: pidgen_SetupPIDGenW
Symbol: netapi32_RxRemoteApi
Symbol: remotepg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ssdpapi_SsdpCleanup
Symbol: advapi32_QueryTraceW
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrPopulateDosDevices
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualLock
Symbol: kernel32_TlsGetValue
Symbol: localspl_SplReenumeratePorts
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromUI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromUI1
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetQueueFlags
Symbol: msvcrt20__wsearchenv
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dSetStyle
Symbol: spoolss_IsLocalCall
Symbol: scardssp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: qosname_WSCRemoveQOSTemplate
Symbol: psbase_SPDeleteType
Symbol: npptools_FindUnknownBlobTags
Symbol: npptools_DestroyNPPBlobTable
Symbol: ncxpnt_HrWideCharToMultiByte
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemNamedCall
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarPow
Symbol: jet500_JetDeleteTable
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplaySettingsExA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCancelTimer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlExtendHeap
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateEvent
Symbol: gdi32_GetWindowOrgEx
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackSpnW
Symbol: samsrv_SamrGetMembersInGroup
Symbol: expsrv_rtcChangeDir
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrDate
Symbol: expsrv___vbaDateStr
Symbol: olecli32_LeQueryOpen
Symbol: NCTAudioInformation2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: srclient_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: tscfgwmi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wiaservc_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: winmm_waveInMessage
Symbol: winmm_DefDriverProc
Symbol: advapi32_GetAccessPermissionsForObjectA
Symbol: advapi32_CreateTraceInstanceId
Symbol: kernel32_OpenProcess
Symbol: localspl_SplAddPort
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromUI2
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDestroyDriverInfoList
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbclower
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbpunct
Symbol: psbase_SPCreateType
Symbol: polstore_IPSecImportPolicies
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpCheckPlatform
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarPow
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcPackTime
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_DISPINTERFACE_GetTICount
Symbol: jet500_JetCreateTable
Symbol: iaspolcy_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetConstiv
Symbol: eventcls_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: eventcls_DllInstall
Symbol: dmutil_FTraceValist
Symbol: dbghelp_lm
Symbol: msvcrt___p__pwctype
Symbol: user32_SetClassLongA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitUnicodeStringEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCaptureStackContext
Symbol: esent_JetConvertDDL
Symbol: msdart_GetTempPathI
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrDcomAsyncClientCall
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetProvCertFromChain
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetFileHash
Symbol: mpr_WNetPasswordChangeNotify
Symbol: URLMON_ObtainUserAgentString
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertViewPropertiesA
Symbol: netapi32_NlBindingRemoveServerFromCache
Symbol: netapi32_NetpHexDump
Symbol: secur32_SetContextAttributesA
Symbol: url_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasFreePropContext
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetP3DisplayPalette
Symbol: winmm_mixerSetControlDetails
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromUI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromUI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantInit
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetHport
Symbol: samlib_SamOpenGroup
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcpunct
Symbol: msrating_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: usp10_ScriptString_pcOutChars
Symbol: ureg_InitializeUreg
Symbol: uniplat_AllocateOverStructEx
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmDeInit
Symbol: msvcrt40__wsearchenv
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcPackTime
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_DISPINTERFACE_GetTICount
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIfEntry
Symbol: ipsecsnp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsCopyStream
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconW
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonShutdownEvent
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoBlockQuerySize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRemoteCall
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetControlSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLStatistics
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetSimpleTypeBufferAlignment
Symbol: samsrv_SamINotifyServerDelta
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargVar
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLAllocEnv
Symbol: stclient_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_close_extended_op
Symbol: comctl32_FreeMRUList
Symbol: kernel32_SetCurrentDirectoryW
Symbol: kernel32_FoldStringW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromUI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromUI4
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetInfSections
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enable_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalFree16
Symbol: nvcpl_NvQTwLaunchOvlCtrlPage
Symbol: wlnotify_SensDisconnectEvent
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeGetFromVertex
Symbol: msvfw32_ICDecompress
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbclower
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbpunct
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarXor
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATOpen
Symbol: mcd32_MCDSetViewport
Symbol: iphlpapi_DeleteProxyArpEntry
Symbol: msvidctl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dmscript_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterGroupState
Symbol: wmp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_HW_Prof_FlagsW
Symbol: mswsock_GetServiceA
Symbol: ole32_CoRetireServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetCookieExW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLenBstr
Symbol: olethk32_CallbackProcessing_3216
Symbol: olesvr32_FindItemWnd
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreateSMTPTransport
Symbol: browser_ServiceMain
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceStatusEx
Symbol: imagehlp_FindFileInSearchPath
Symbol: rasdlg_RasAutodialDisableDlgA
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbstrail
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcupper
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbprint
Symbol: storprop_CdromIsDigitalPlaybackEnabled
Symbol: psnppagn_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: pdh_PdhVerifySQLDBW
Symbol: perfos_OpenOSObject
Symbol: npptools_NmHeapFree
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcpunct
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarXor
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumClientsA
Symbol: msaatext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iphlpapi_CreateProxyArpEntry
Symbol: duser_WaitMessageEx
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEnumFonts
Symbol: syssetup_AsrCreateStateFileW
Symbol: msvcrt__findfirsti64
Symbol: authz_AuthziModifyAuditEvent
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnlockHeap
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryDirectoryObject
Symbol: netrap_RapConvertSingleEntry
Symbol: msgina_WlxNegotiate
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarOpenTrustedDomain
Symbol: gdi32_ArcTo
Symbol: ole32_StgOpenStorage
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFreeVoid
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaOpen
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeStr
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreateLinkFromFile
Symbol: MSOERT2_UpdateRebarBandColors
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetCompositionWindow
Symbol: ntlanman_ServerBrowseDialogA0
Symbol: lame_enc_lame_encode_buffer_interleaved
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromUI4
Symbol: samlib_SamChangePasswordUser2
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcprint
Symbol: cscui_CSCUISetState
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevQSetInfo
Symbol: spoolss_ScheduleJob
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphSetPresence
Symbol: rastapi_EnableDeviceForDialIn
Symbol: rasppp_RasCpGetInfo
Symbol: pdh_PdhAdd009CounterA
Symbol: npptools_SetNPPTriggerInBlob
Symbol: ncxpnt_NetConnAlloc
Symbol: Bot_Callme
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryTextCellDetails
Symbol: infosoft_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetSpecificValueCaps
Symbol: certcli_CACreateAutoEnrollmentObjectEx
Symbol: atmpvcno_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceManager_ExecuteA
Symbol: user32_SetWindowContextHelpId
Symbol: user32_GetMessagePos
Symbol: user32_FindWindowExA
Symbol: user32_AnimateWindow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwEnumerateBootEntries
Symbol: ntdll_PfxFindPrefix
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLNativeSqlW
Symbol: msdart_RegSetValueI
Symbol: msdart_CreateMutexI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_TRANSLATED_NAMES
Symbol: ole32_HMENU_UserSize
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCVirtualServerNameW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluBringOnlineDTCW
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetCertByURL
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdNamedCallLd
Symbol: atl_AtlAxGetControl
Symbol: atl_AtlComPtrAssign
Symbol: cryptdlg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromUI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromUI1
Symbol: samlib_SamChangePasswordUser3
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFindFirstLineW
Symbol: usrvpa_DeInitialize
Symbol: storprop_IdePropPageProvider
Symbol: rsaenh_CPGetUserKey
Symbol: rastapi_PortReceive
Symbol: rastapi_InitRasTapi
Symbol: polstore_IPSecUnassignPolicy
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDescField
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbstrail
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcupper
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbprint
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsObject
Symbol: mscms_UninstallColorProfileW
Symbol: mmcshext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mdwmdmsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: esent97_JetSetSystemParameter
Symbol: duser_GetMessageExW
Symbol: dpnwsock_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dsdmoprp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegQueryValue
Symbol: msvcrt___p__wpgmptr
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumPhysicalStore
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceSetCredentials
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryEaFile
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRSContextUnmarshall2
Symbol: ole32_CoRevertToSelf
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_USER_INFO_BUFFER
Symbol: sfc_SfcWLEventLogon
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHSetValueA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAllocWStrFromStr
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAllocStrFromWStr
Symbol: imgutil_SniffStream
Symbol: regapi_RegIsTServer
Symbol: localspl_SplGetForm
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromUI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromUI2
Symbol: setupapi_SetupVerifyInfFileW
Symbol: wiadss_LoadImportDS
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceListen
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcprint
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsObject
Symbol: glmf32_glsEnumString
Symbol: duser_GetStdPalette
Symbol: faultrep_ReportHang
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAddMScopeElement
Symbol: cmutil_CmParsePathW
Symbol: sclgntfy_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_GetClassInfoW
Symbol: authz_AuthziModifyAuditQueue
Symbol: esent_JetEndSession
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetEnvAttr
Symbol: mswsock_ServiceMain
Symbol: expsrv_IID_IVbaHost
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargUnk
Symbol: expsrv_rtcEndOfFile
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrLike
Symbol: browser_I_BrowserServerEnumForXactsrv
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetNameCanonicalize
Symbol: ntlanman_NPOpenEnum
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ReplaceImagePalette
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetRetransmitMode
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetAutodialEnableA
Symbol: rasman_RasIsTrustedCustomDll
Symbol: samlib_SamCreateAliasInDomain
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbctolower
Symbol: msrating_RatingInit
Symbol: nvwdmcpl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeInt
Symbol: polstore_IPSecExportPolicies
Symbol: nwprovau_NwDeregisterService
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDatePart
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSpaceVar
Symbol: msi_MsiGetUserInfoA
Symbol: wmspdmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ipsmsnap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: nvcod_NVCoInstaller
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNetworkKey
Symbol: user32_CreateAcceleratorTableA
Symbol: wsock32_TransmitFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNewSecurityObjectEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInt64ToUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_PfxInitialize
Symbol: ntdll_NtRequestWakeupLatency
Symbol: esent_JetStopBackup
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthInfoA
Symbol: WININET_InternetWriteFileExW
Symbol: WININET_FtpCommandW
Symbol: MSOERT2_PVGetCertificateParam
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCombineW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveExtensionW
Symbol: servdeps_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_ExitProcess
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromUI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromUI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantCopy
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFileExW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetTargetPathW
Symbol: usrlbva_ExtParseCmd
Symbol: tapisrv_ServiceMain
Symbol: odbcconf_RunDLL32_UnregisterApplication
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDatePart
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSpaceVar
Symbol: wmpshell_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glu32_gluPerspective
Symbol: wmspdmoe_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dskquota_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_InitQueryTimeouts
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterGroupOpenEnum
Symbol: wmi_QueryAllTracesA
Symbol: user32_GetScrollInfo
Symbol: cryptui_ACUIProviderInvokeUI
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAlertThread
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeToMultiByteN
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMultiByteToUnicodeN
Symbol: msdart_PostMessageI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_Range
Symbol: gdi32_GetWindowExtEx
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListInfoForServerW
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeIsValidShareNameW
Symbol: WININET_FtpGetFileW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarMove
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleAddCreateWndData
Symbol: winmm_mmioSetBuffer
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectOpenAuditAlarmA
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithObjectsAndSidA
Symbol: kernel32_SetVolumeMountPointA
Symbol: spxcoins_SpxClassCoInstaller
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindMarkedLine
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_ExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfindfirst
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalLock16
Symbol: wiashext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: vbscript_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleGrantAccessRights
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCreateRestrictedConnection
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbctolower
Symbol: msvbvm50_UserDllMain
Symbol: msls31_LsDisplayLine
Symbol: msi_MsiSetFeatureAttributesW
Symbol: jgaw400_JgASetEOFMark
Symbol: wship6_WSHGetWildcardSockaddr
Symbol: iphlpapi_NhpGetInterfaceIndexFromStack
Symbol: duser_IsStartDelete
Symbol: dssenh_CPGetUserKey
Symbol: wmvcore_WMIsContentProtected
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CacheSocketCleanup
Symbol: dpnhupnp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbkpunct
Symbol: user32_DrawFocusRect
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetSecurityObjectEx
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetSecurityObject
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaITestCall
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheHeaderData
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserEnum
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidListStr
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSDisconnectSession
Symbol: advapi32_AreAnyAccessesGranted
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarmByHandleA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromUI1
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetErrorStringWow
Symbol: usrrtosa_QUE_create
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbctoupper
Symbol: nvcpl_setappprofile
Symbol: wlnotify_SCardResumeCertProp
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphEnumRecords
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilVerifyResourceService
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaSetRunAsW
Symbol: msvbvm60_UserDllMain
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInputCharCountVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMemEvent
Symbol: inseng_CheckTrustEx
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteClientInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glPopMatrix
Symbol: user32_SetDlgItemInt
Symbol: user32_GetClassLongW
Symbol: ntdll_NtReplyWaitReceivePort
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogDeregisterA
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetCardTypeProviderNameA
Symbol: samsrv_SamISameSite
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: URLMON_CopyBindInfo
Symbol: advapi32_AbortSystemShutdownW
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_ReplaceIcon
Symbol: kernel32_TlsSetValue
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromUI2
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupSetQueueFlags
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupDestroyRunOnceNodeList
Symbol: setupapi_SetupPrepareQueueForRestoreW
Symbol: nview_HKEnumActions
Symbol: slbcsp_CPGetUserKey
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfObjectHA
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfindfirst
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInputCharCountVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMemEvent
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcBstrFromFormatVar
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpCreateClientInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glPointSize
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeAccessCheck
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcsymbol
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptCreateLruEntry
Symbol: ntdll_fabs
Symbol: esent_JetGetCounter
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionFlushCache
Symbol: gdi32_SetWindowOrgEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingSetAuthInfoA
Symbol: samsrv_SamrSetSecurityObject
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetOptionExA
Symbol: WININET_FtpPutFileA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryMove
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreateLinkFromClip
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlGetPartA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCatBuffW
Symbol: atl_AtlUnmarshalPtr
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpDeleteVb
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromUI8
Symbol: rasdlg_RasEntryDlgW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortClose
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Is_Dock_Station_Present_Ex
Symbol: nview_nViewLoadHook
Symbol: wmstream_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeInit
Symbol: snmpsnap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rastapi_PortConnect
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLColumnsW
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLRowCount
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibStart
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbctoupper
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcBstrFromFormatVar
Symbol: keymgr_PRShowSaveFromMsginaW
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetCommand
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPGetUserKey
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_InitializeMsgRemoteSockaddr
Symbol: crtdll_abs
Symbol: msvcrt__mbcjmstojis
Symbol: msvcrt__mbcjistojms
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbkprint
Symbol: user32_IntersectRect
Symbol: ntdll_ceil
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheckByTypeAndAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_NtCompactKeys
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamPrepareHeader
Symbol: gdi32_SetLayoutWidth
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCopy
Symbol: BROWSEUI_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: BROWSEUI_DllInstall
Symbol: anvosdnt_SetOSDMode
Symbol: MSHTML_com_ms_osp_ospmrshl_releaseByValExternal
Symbol: atl_AtlSetErrorInfo
Symbol: ntmssvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: scesrv_ScesrvTerminateServer
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetP3DisplayPalette
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSEnumerateServersA
Symbol: advapi32_UnlockServiceDatabase
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromUI4
Symbol: uniplat_CreateOverStructPool
Symbol: perfts_OpenTSObject
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetVolumesFromDriveW
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileCopy
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIfEntry
Symbol: glmf32_glsPixelSetup
Symbol: wmnetmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetOptionValueV5
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelZoom
Symbol: crtdll__jn
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateToken
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateTimer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNtMakeTemporaryKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetControlSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetUuidSeed
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryIntervalProfile
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Open_Class_Key_ExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSmClientAllocate
Symbol: es_LCEControlServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrBool
Symbol: expsrv___vbaBoolStr
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLTransact
Symbol: secur32_LsaLogonUser
Symbol: DMO_TSXT_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: winmm_timeKillEvent
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromUI1
Symbol: MSSTDFMT_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInterfaceW
Symbol: msvcrt20__XcptFilter
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeSetFromVertex
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterDriverW
Symbol: rtm_RtmBlockMethods
Symbol: rastapi_PortGetInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileCopy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemNamedStAd
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrOpen
Symbol: ftsrch_CountHilites
Symbol: duser_EndTransition
Symbol: clusapi_OpenCluster
Symbol: syssetup_AsrpRestoreNonCriticalDisksW
Symbol: wsock32_inet_network
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateEvent
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitOutOfProcessMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationAtom
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessAdd
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_control
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_columns
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_readfmtA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_HW_Prof_FlagsW
Symbol: mswsock_SetServiceA
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluJoinDTCResource
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsRootA
Symbol: query_InitializeCIISAPIPerformanceData
Symbol: kernel32_GetDefaultCommConfigA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromUI2
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumJobsW
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceClassInstaller
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLRowCount
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemNamedStAd
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumPatchesW
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenProductA
Symbol: jet500_JetDeleteIndex
Symbol: msdmo_DMOStrToGuidA
Symbol: msdmo_DMOGuidToStrA
Symbol: opengl32_glTexImage1D
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCreatePageControl
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxExW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAreBitsSet
Symbol: esent_JetResetSessionContext
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_sendrow
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsServerRegisterSpnW
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_Connect
Symbol: expsrv___vbaOnError
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryCopy
Symbol: olecli32_LeQueryType
Symbol: asustips_AsusTipsSubclassDlg
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHGetValueW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_Unload
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetWSAProtocolInfo
Symbol: drmclien_GetPMLicenseFileName
Symbol: rsaenh_CPDestroyKey
Symbol: netman_ProcessQueue
Symbol: msvcrt40__XcptFilter
Symbol: jet500_JetCreateIndex
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackConnectionWait
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAddSubnetElement
Symbol: opengl32_glTexImage2D
Symbol: crtdll__sys_errlist
Symbol: msvcrt__getmaxstdio
Symbol: msvcrt__aligned_offset_malloc
Symbol: msvcrt___STRINGTOLD
Symbol: user32_FlashWindowEx
Symbol: user32_EnumDesktopsA
Symbol: cryptui_LocalEnroll
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetAllBits
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenSection
Symbol: ntdll_NtFilterToken
Symbol: ole32_CreateDataCache
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCloseNodeNotify
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrComp
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStopExe
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_DISPINTERFACE_GetTypeInfo
Symbol: olecli32_SrvrWndProc
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFromTimeIntervalW
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ReadMemoryImageFile
Symbol: winsta_WinStationOpenServerA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromUI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromUI4
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetSourceInfoW
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetChunk
Symbol: storprop_DvdPropPageProvider
Symbol: spoolss_PrinterHandleRundown
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetNextItem
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetDescField
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordIsNull
Symbol: mciole32_DllCreateLinkFromFile
Symbol: duser_UtilBuildFont
Symbol: dskquoui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msdmo_DMOUnregister
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterEnum
Symbol: msvcrt__wfindnexti64
Symbol: msvcrt__wfindfirst64
Symbol: user32_GetWindowInfo
Symbol: ntdll_labs
Symbol: esent_JetGetVersion
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubAuthenticode
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetObject
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarZero
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreateFromTemplate
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bDdHslVideoMemoryFree
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCompareW
Symbol: browsewm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: catsrvps_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: psapi_EnumProcesses
Symbol: termsrv_ServiceMain
Symbol: localspl_SplSetForm
Symbol: setupapi_SetupPromptForDiskA
Symbol: msvcrt20__safe_fprem1
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintJobGetInfo
Symbol: tapi32_phoneShutdown
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetConfRelatedCalls
Symbol: setupdll_GetNtDrive
Symbol: mssign32_GetCryptProvFromCert
Symbol: msls31_LsEnumSubline
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetPhoneDescA
Symbol: user32_ShowScrollBar
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryDirectoryObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtUnloadKeyEx
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_DevNode_Status
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIOpenPolicyTrusted
Symbol: URLMON_URLDownloadA
Symbol: MSOERT2_IsValidFileIfFileUrlW
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bDdHslVideoMemoryFree
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertConfigureTrustW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetPathCanonicalize
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn2W
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetRetransmitMode
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetAutodialEnableA
Symbol: msctf_TF_RegisterLangBarAddIn
Symbol: usp10_ScriptGetFontProperties
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseDests
Symbol: rtm_InsertIntoTable
Symbol: nwprovau_NwSetGatewayAccount
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetResourceParent
Symbol: npptools_UnlockBlob
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLateMemCallLd
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetTimer
Symbol: dciman32_DCIEndAccess
Symbol: opengl32_glPrioritizeTextures
Symbol: opengl32_glIsTexture
Symbol: batmeter_BatMeterCapabilities
Symbol: loadperf_UpdatePerfNameFilesA
Symbol: user32_GetWindowRect
Symbol: user32_GetClipCursor
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMemFree
Symbol: ntdll_atan
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAbortRXact
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcStringBindingParseA
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesDecodeIncrementalHandleCreate
Symbol: WININET_InternetShowSecurityInfoByURL
Symbol: mscoree__CorExeMain2
Symbol: winsta_WinStationCloseServer
Symbol: advapi32_ElfClearEventLogFileW
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToAccessNamedW
Symbol: userenv_GetGPOListA
Symbol: ssdpsrv_ServiceMain
Symbol: slayerxp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: polstore_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpLeaseIpAddressEx
Symbol: msvcrt40__safe_fprem1
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetTimer
Symbol: msi_MsiInvalidateFeatureCache
Symbol: ieakeng_CanDeleteADM
Symbol: esent97_JetGetDatabaseFileInfo
Symbol: dssenh_CPDestroyKey
Symbol: dx8vb_DXUnlockArray8
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGrabMatchingInfoEx
Symbol: syssetup_SetupInstallCatalog
Symbol: user32_SetScrollInfo
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryEaFile
Symbol: gdi32_SetWindowExtEx
Symbol: gdi32_STROBJ_bGetAdvanceWidths
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListServersInSiteW
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreateLinkFromFile
Symbol: imm32_ImmPenAuxInput
Symbol: sccsccp_SCCPDllGetClassObject
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileSectionNamesA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromUI8
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetValue
Symbol: nvcpl_NvValidateNvidiaCapable
Symbol: serwvdrv_widMessage
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLRowCount
Symbol: nwprovau_NPFormatNetworkName
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcTypeName
Symbol: mscms_AssociateColorProfileWithDeviceA
Symbol: mprddm_DDMDisconnectInterface
Symbol: iashlpr_ShutdownIas
Symbol: esent97_JetSetColumn
Symbol: cryptnet_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: syssetup_NtApmClassInstaller
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplaySettingsExW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetNtVersionNumbers
Symbol: netrap_RapTotalSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesEncodeFixedBufferHandleCreate
Symbol: msdtcprx_SysPrepDtcReinstall
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustAddActionID
Symbol: wintrust_DriverCleanupPolicy
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheHeaderData
Symbol: expsrv_GetMemNewObj
Symbol: olesvr32_ItemWndProc
Symbol: olecli32_BmChangeData
Symbol: icwphbk_PhoneBookGetCanonical
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetUserPasswordSet
Symbol: winmm_sndPlaySoundA
Symbol: advapi32_GetAccessPermissionsForObjectW
Symbol: kernel32_RemoveVectoredExceptionHandler
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCancelDriverInfoSearch
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Create_Range_List
Symbol: slbcsp_CPDestroyKey
Symbol: resutils_ClusWorkerTerminate
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcTypeName
Symbol: msvbvm50_SetMemEvent
Symbol: exts_gflag
Symbol: digest_RevertSecurityContext
Symbol: dbghelp_DbgHelpCreateUserDump
Symbol: user32_SetClassLongW
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncGetServByPort
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRequestWakeupLatency
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryObject
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Child
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CMP_WaitNoPendingInstallEvents
Symbol: winscard_SCardSetCardTypeProviderNameA
Symbol: ole32_HENHMETAFILE_UserMarshal
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetListOfVirtualServersA
Symbol: es_NotifyLogoffUser
Symbol: SHDOCVW_URLQualifyA
Symbol: icwphbk_PhoneBookMergeChanges
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertViewPropertiesW
Symbol: netapi32_NetapipBufferAllocate
Symbol: secur32_SetContextAttributesW
Symbol: advapi32_GetInheritanceSourceA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumSym
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageGetDigestStream
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupFree
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetSourceListA
Symbol: msvcrt20__getsystime
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateLangBarItemMgr
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetInstances
Symbol: rtm_MgmGroupEnumerationStart
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLAllocConnect
Symbol: odbcjt32_InitializeLoginDialog
Symbol: msvbvm60_SetMemEvent
Symbol: jet500_JetGetChecksum
Symbol: ipxwan_IpxwanUnbind
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPDestroyKey
Symbol: cmutil_CmMoveMemory
Symbol: user32_GetCursorInfo
Symbol: crypt32_PFXIsPFXBlob
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNumberGenericTableElementsAvl
Symbol: msjetoledb40_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: olecli32_LeChangeData
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreateIMAPTransport2
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertTrustCertPolicy
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLFreeStmt
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamOut
Symbol: msctf_TF_InitSystem
Symbol: nview_NVMoveTaskbarToMonitor
Symbol: spoolss_UpdatePrinterRegUser
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDescribeColW
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenDriveSpaceListFromInfList
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSendKeys
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLeftBstr
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryCpPpointSubline
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryPointPcpSubline
Symbol: dmutil_DisplayError
Symbol: crtdll_log
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetSystemInformation
Symbol: ntdll_NtConnectPort
Symbol: esent_JetSetColumns
Symbol: esent_JetDupSession
Symbol: mswsock_GetServiceW
Symbol: rpcrt4_data_from_ndr
Symbol: catsrvut_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetQueryOptionA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRedimPreserveVar2
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrMove
Symbol: NCTAudioTransform2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetProperty
Symbol: secur32_SaslGetProfilePackageA
Symbol: advapi32_I_ScPnPGetServiceName
Symbol: rasdlg_RasAutodialDisableDlgW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddInstallSectionToDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: msvcrt20__wsplitpath
Symbol: w32topl_ToplIterFree
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphRemoveVertex
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilEnumPrivateProperties
Symbol: msvcrt40__getsystime
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSendKeys
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLeftBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRightVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVar2Vec
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumClientsW
Symbol: mciole32_DllCreateLinkFromClip
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDGetVolume
Symbol: netplwiz_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: netplwiz_DllInstall
Symbol: shell32_DAD_DragLeave
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetOptionValueV5
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindNextMsiPackage
Symbol: crtdll_tan
Symbol: crtdll_div
Symbol: user32_SwitchDesktop
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSKeyPackSetStatus
Symbol: cscdll_CSCCheckShareOnlineExW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReplyWaitReceivePort
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFillMemory
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesSimpleTypeDecode
Symbol: expsrv_rtcKillFiles
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpCDblR4
Symbol: olecli32_MfChangeData
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteCriticalSection
Symbol: spoolss_OldGetPrinterDriverW
Symbol: spoolss_DeleteFormW
Symbol: rastapi_PortSetInfo
Symbol: pdh_PdhAdd009CounterW
Symbol: mycomput_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRightVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVar2Vec
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDoEvents
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetPalette
Symbol: jet500_JetGetBookmark
Symbol: glmf32_glsUTF8toUCS1z
Symbol: glmf32_glsUCS1toUTF8z
Symbol: adsldpc_AdsTypeFreeAdsObjects
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceManager_ExecuteW
Symbol: syssetup_SetupQueryRegisteredOsComponentsOrder
Symbol: syssetup_SetupChangeFontSize
Symbol: user32_FindWindowExW
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenProcess
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessDel
Symbol: esent_JetDefragment2
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcAllocate
Symbol: samsrv_SamrRidToSid
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileWidth
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrAttachDataFromFile
Symbol: ati3d1ag_dDdHslEscape
Symbol: netapi32_DsValidateSubnetNameA
Symbol: sens_SensNotifyWinlogonEvent
Symbol: kernel32_SetDefaultCommConfigA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromI1
Symbol: rasman_RasGetDeviceConfigInfo
Symbol: msctf_TF_CheckThreadInputIdle
Symbol: serwvdrv_wodMessage
Symbol: scredir_SCardIntroduceReaderA
Symbol: rtm_RtmEnumerateGetNextRoute
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleGetTrusteesAccess
Symbol: ncxpnt_InstallTCPIP
Symbol: msvcrt40__wsplitpath
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDoEvents
Symbol: glmf32_glsUTF8toUCS2z
Symbol: glmf32_glsUCS2toUTF8z
Symbol: ftsrch_QueryHilites
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaAddRef
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapReadAttributeFast
Symbol: apphelp_SdbRegisterDatabaseEx
Symbol: crtdll_cos
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCompactKeys
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetValueKey
Symbol: netui1_MNetGetDCName
Symbol: msdart_ReportEventI
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetConnectOptionW
Symbol: mswsock_sethostname
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackSpn2A
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesHandleFree
Symbol: mpr_WNetFMXEditPerm
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdNamedCallSt
Symbol: ati3d2ag_dDdHslEscape
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHSetValueW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegQueryInfoUSKeyW
Symbol: winmm_auxOutMessage
Symbol: advapi32_LsaRemovePrivilegesFromAccount
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromI2
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_AliasA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUseAdd
Symbol: spoolss_ReadPrinter
Symbol: spoolss_BuildOtherNamesFromMachineName
Symbol: rtm_RtmInvokeMethod
Symbol: rtipxmib_SnmpExtensionInitEx
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingLookupDone
Symbol: npptools_NmHeapSize
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpSetEOFMark
Symbol: crtdll__yn
Symbol: msvcrt__setmaxstdio
Symbol: linkinfo_GetCanonicalPathInfo
Symbol: ntdll_atoi
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetUuidSeed
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryIntervalProfile
Symbol: rpcrt4_char_from_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantArrayFree
Symbol: w32time_TimeProvOpen
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrCopy
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreateLinkFromClip
Symbol: secur32_RevertSecurityContext
Symbol: imagehlp_SymRegisterCallback64
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemPowerStatus
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayUnaccessData
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetAutodialEnableW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Size
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxSetChunk
Symbol: upnphost_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrInqBeginA
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingImportDone
Symbol: occache_RemoveControlByHandle
Symbol: mspatcha_TestApplyPatchToFileByHandles
Symbol: msls31_LsDestroyLine
Symbol: msi_MsiGetUserInfoW
Symbol: mlang_GetGlobalFontLinkObject
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDGetReport
Symbol: glmf32_glsUTF8toUCS4z
Symbol: glmf32_glsUCS4toUTF8z
Symbol: esent97_ese
Symbol: user32_CreateAcceleratorTableW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationAtom
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetMemoryStreamSize
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLCreateDataSourceEx
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhReadDatagramSocket
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecComplexChoice
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthInfoW
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesEncodeIncrementalHandleCreate
Symbol: ole32_StgOpenPropStg
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeGetShareSecurityA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileReset
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpCDblR8
Symbol: srclient_SRCompress
Symbol: oleaut32_OleCreatePropertyFrameIndirect
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromI4
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintJobSetInfo
Symbol: wlnotify_SensStartShellEvent
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvOpenRegEntry
Symbol: serialui_drvCommConfigDialogA
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleRevokeAuditRights
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSSetEOFMark
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetMsGenreDescriptor
Symbol: wmi_QueryAllTracesW
Symbol: syssetup_MouseClassInstaller
Symbol: user32_GetInputState
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPLoad
Symbol: crypt32_CryptLoadSip
Symbol: ntdll_NtCompressKey
Symbol: gdi32_CreateMetaFileA
Symbol: rpcrt4_data_into_ndr
Symbol: samsrv_SamIRevertNullSession
Symbol: lz32_LZRead
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateMessage
Symbol: anvioctl_GetD3dStereoSettings
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawCreateClipper
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNMMDVDROMGetMediaProtect
Symbol: scecli_SceRollbackTransaction
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectOpenAuditAlarmW
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithObjectsAndSidW
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_GetScrollRange
Symbol: kernel32_SetVolumeMountPointW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Next_Log_Conf
Symbol: osuninst_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mciole32_DllCreateFromTemplate
Symbol: glu32_gluErrorString
Symbol: cryptext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cmutil_GetOSVersion
Symbol: clusapi_BackupClusterDatabase
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgTurnOffFileSharing
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetDatabaseVersion
Symbol: actxprxy_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: powrprof_IsPwrSuspendAllowed
Symbol: ntdll_atol
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenSection
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFilterToken
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetVersion
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1generalizedtime_cmp
Symbol: rpcrt4_tree_peek_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_data_size_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUserMarshalMarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClientInitializeNew
Symbol: inetcfg_CheckConnectionWizard
Symbol: netapi32_NetMessageNameGetInfo
Symbol: secur32_DeleteSecurityPackageA
Symbol: winsta_WinStationVirtualOpen
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_extA
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarmByHandleW
Symbol: MSSTKPRP_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInitDefaultQueueCallback
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrintProvidorW
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrinterW
Symbol: photowiz_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: photowiz_DllInstall
Symbol: crtdll_sin
Symbol: user32_GetClipboardFormatNameA
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizFreeCertRequestNoDS
Symbol: ntdll_NtStopProfile
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLColumnPrivilegesW
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogDeregisterW
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetCardTypeProviderNameW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiIsMetaFileDC
Symbol: samsrv_SamIIsSetupInProgress
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluBringOnlineDTC2A
Symbol: expsrv_rtDecFromVar
Symbol: winmm_auxGetNumDevs
Symbol: comctl32_Str_SetPtrW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_UnmaskInterrupt
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxSetValue
Symbol: w32topl_ToplListFree
Symbol: traffic_TcEnumerateInterfaces
Symbol: setupdll_GetWindowsNtVersion
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfObjectHW
Symbol: msi_MsiGetPropertyA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetOptionValueV5DS
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgNeedInetComponents
Symbol: apphelp_SdbUnregisterDatabase
Symbol: user32_GetWindowWord
Symbol: crypt32_CertDuplicateCertificateContext
Symbol: ntdll_ZwUnloadKeyEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlApplyRXact
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingSetAuthInfoW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesProcEncodeDecode2
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetOptionExW
Symbol: WININET_FtpPutFileW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMonthName
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSpaceBstr
Symbol: expsrv_SetMemNewObj
Symbol: asustips_AsusTipsSubclassWnd
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlGetPartW
Symbol: netapi32_NetScheduleJobGetInfo
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetListCanonicalize
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromDec
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileGetSectionName
Symbol: spoolss_AlignRpcPtr
Symbol: ntmsapi_InventoryNtmsLibrary
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackTrace
Symbol: esent97_JetDupCursor
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Lerp
Symbol: user32_DialogBoxIndirectParamA
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationPort
Symbol: ntdll_NtProtectVirtualMemory
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLProcedureColumnsW
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATGetAttrInfo
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvInstallW2KDispDrv2
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreateFromTemplate
Symbol: MSOERT2_ReplaceChars
Symbol: SHLWAPI_wvnsprintfA
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpTfxOpen
Symbol: winmm_joySetCapture
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSEnumerateServersW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Modify_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20__setsystime
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxMoveLast
Symbol: sti_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupIssueCredentials
Symbol: odbcconf_CompareVersionDataEx
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMemEvent
Symbol: mspmsnsv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shell32_ExtractAssociatedIconA
Symbol: opengl32_wglDescribeLayerPlane
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1d
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetPhoneDispA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Lerp
Symbol: crtdll_exp
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySystemEnvironmentValueEx
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessGetUserPerms
Symbol: winipsec_SPDApiBufferAllocate
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLCopyDesc
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesSimpleTypeEncode
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRandomize
Symbol: cabinet_FDIIsCabinet
Symbol: netapi32_NetRemoveAlternateComputerName
Symbol: msnsspc_FreeCredentialsHandle
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupWriteLogError
Symbol: setupapi_SetupTermDefaultQueueCallback
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetWkstaUserLogoff
Symbol: tapi32_lineCreateAgentSessionA
Symbol: spoolss_AddMonitorW
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMemEvent
Symbol: midimap_modmCallback
Symbol: ftsrch_CompressText
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpAddSubnetElementDS
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2d
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCAFlags
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateBitrateTracker
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixAffineTransformation
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Lerp
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitString
Symbol: SQLSRV32_TestDlgProc
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_readfmtW
Symbol: mswsock_SetServiceW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncNewBlkElement
Symbol: gdi32_GdiAddGlsRecord
Symbol: samsrv_SamrShutdownSamServer
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vDD4DISPSetDDCallBacks
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsRootW
Symbol: sxs_SxsRunDllInstallAssembly
Symbol: scecli_InitializeChangeNotify
Symbol: winmm_joyGetNumDevs
Symbol: advapi32_GetNamedSecurityInfoA
Symbol: imagehlp_ReBaseImage
Symbol: kernel32_GetDefaultCommConfigW
Symbol: printui_PrintNotifyTray_Init
Symbol: spoolss_PackStrings
Symbol: scredir_SCardGetStatusChangeA
Symbol: scredir_SCardBeginTransaction
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltInqDone
Symbol: routetab_ReloadIPAddressTable
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupCreateInvitation
Symbol: olepro32_OleCreatePropertyFrameIndirect
Symbol: ntmarta_AccConvertAclToAccess
Symbol: msvcrt40__setsystime
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyMulI2
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenProductW
Symbol: keymgr_KRShowKeyMgr
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDStartPlay
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDSetVolume
Symbol: shell32_SHUpdateRecycleBinIcon
Symbol: msdmo_DMOStrToGuidW
Symbol: msdmo_DMOGuidToStrW
Symbol: dnsapi_GetRecordsForLocalName
Symbol: dbghelp_UnmapDebugInformation
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3d
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1f
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgNeedModem
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptRemoveLruEntry
Symbol: mspmspsv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryObject
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFileA
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeTrustedShareEnumA
Symbol: kdcom_KdD0Transition
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vDD4DISPSetDDCallBacks
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrToIntExA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpwNameCanonicalize
Symbol: qmgrprxy_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpRegister
Symbol: HAL_HalGetEnvironmentVariable
Symbol: advapi32_OpenEncryptedFileRawA
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminConnectionEnum
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltRemoveA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyMulI2
Symbol: jet500_JetDBUtilities
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4d
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2f
Symbol: dpvoice_DirectPlayVoiceCreate
Symbol: msvcrt_abs
Symbol: user32_EnumDesktopsW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifySignatureU
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNtOpenKey
Symbol: netui1_MNetAuditRead
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDiagRecA
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverAddA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecEndOfContents
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetDefaultAdministratorName
Symbol: URLMON_UrlMkGetSessionOption
Symbol: MSOERT2_CenterDialog
Symbol: hypertrm_sessQuerySysFileHdl
Symbol: secur32_ExportSecurityContext
Symbol: winsta_WinStationOpenServerW
Symbol: advapi32_GetInformationCodeAuthzPolicyW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromR4
Symbol: avifil32_IID_IAVIFile
Symbol: avifil32_AVIPutFileOnClipboard
Symbol: rasman_RasSetDeviceConfigInfo
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupInstallStopEx
Symbol: WshRm_WSHOpenSocket
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetEnumDests
Symbol: mscms_InternalGetDeviceConfig
Symbol: mscms_CreateDeviceLinkProfile
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetAuxInfo
Symbol: glu32_gluNextContour
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3f
Symbol: msvcrt__jn
Symbol: user32_GetSystemMenu
Symbol: crypt32_CertIsRDNAttrsInCertificateName
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetSystemInformation
Symbol: ntdll_ZwConnectPort
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionObjectSize
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetConnectOptionW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Depth
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncComplexChoice
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClientCall
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluTakeOfflineDTC2W
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRemoveDir
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_memfreeA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetTrustedDomainInformation
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetInformationTrustedDomain
Symbol: kernel32_ReadDirectoryChangesW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupSetArrayToMultiSzValue
Symbol: setupapi_SetupPromptForDiskW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUseDel
Symbol: spoolss_SeekPrinter
Symbol: sccbase_CPCreateHash
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminConnectionEnum
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetARTNote
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4f
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1i
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFreeBuffer
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInStrChar
Symbol: URLMON_URLDownloadW
Symbol: lz32_LZDone
Symbol: kdcom_KdD3Transition
Symbol: advapi32_CreateRestrictedToken
Symbol: advapi32_CloseEncryptedFileRaw
Symbol: imagehlp_UnDecorateSymbolName
Symbol: kernel32_GetComPlusPackageInstallStatus
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetAutodialEnableW
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcTrimBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStr2Vec
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackClose
Symbol: shell32_CheckEscapesA
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2i
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalPoint1
Symbol: mprui_BrowseDialogA0
Symbol: loadperf_UpdatePerfNameFilesW
Symbol: wsock32_WEP
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenProcess
Symbol: ntdll_RtlStartRXact
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMoveMemory
Symbol: netui1_MNetFileClose
Symbol: netui1_MNetConfigGet
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcStringBindingParseW
Symbol: samsrv_SamrOpenUser
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeSetShareSecurityA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsNumeric
Symbol: ssdpapi_SsdpStartup
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetIconSize
Symbol: localspl_GetPrintProcessorCapabilities
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamGetFrameOpen
Symbol: rasapi32_RasValidateEntryNameA
Symbol: samlib_SamCreateGroupInDomain
Symbol: msvcrt20__vsnwprintf
Symbol: userenv_GetGPOListW
Symbol: nview_HKGetProperty
Symbol: setupdll_GetCountry
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetRouteInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcTrimBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStr2Vec
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLateMemCallSt
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetAdaptersAddresses
Symbol: esentprf_ClosePerformanceData
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsIpv6StringToAddress
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsIpv6AddressToString
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3i
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalPoint2
Symbol: msvcrt__sys_errlist
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetValueKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtAreMappedFilesTheSame
Symbol: ntdll_LdrUnloadAlternateResourceModule
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLConnectW
Symbol: winscard_SCardListInterfacesA
Symbol: msdtcprx_ShutDownCM
Symbol: lz32_LZSeek
Symbol: anvioctl_SetD3dStereoSettings
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathSearchAndQualifyA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_s
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_SetScrollRange
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileSectionNamesW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromR8
Symbol: printui_PrintNotifyTray_Exit
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePortW
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInputBox
Symbol: mscms_AssociateColorProfileWithDeviceW
Symbol: mll_hp_MaxMediaLabel
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4i
Symbol: ccfgnt_InetSetAutodialAddress
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIGetNextColumnName
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyString
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapValidate
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Unregister_Device_InterfaceA
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGradientFill
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsGetContextBinding
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_query_configuration
Symbol: wuaueng1_ServiceMain
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ScaleImage
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetPaletteShareMode
Symbol: winmm_sndPlaySoundW
Symbol: advapi32_WmiSetSingleInstanceA
Symbol: imagehlp_ImagehlpApiVersionEx
Symbol: kernel32_ReplaceFileA
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalHandle
Symbol: kernel32_FileTimeToDosDateTime
Symbol: kernel32_DosDateTimeToFileTime
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupWriteLogEntry
Symbol: sqlwoa_ConvertMultiSZNameToW
Symbol: serwvdrv_DriverProc
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfCounterA
Symbol: msvcrt40__vsnwprintf
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInputBox
Symbol: jet500_JetTruncateLog
Symbol: shell32_SheChangeDirA
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCreateSurface
Symbol: crtdll_pow
Symbol: msvcrt___lc_codepage
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptInsertLruEntry
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryTimerResolution
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiDebugActiveProcess
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetInfoW
Symbol: rtutils_MprSetupProtocolFree
Symbol: winscard_SCardSetCardTypeProviderNameW
Symbol: ole32_GetHGlobalFromILockBytes
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetListOfVirtualServersW
Symbol: wintrust_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: SHDOCVW_URLQualifyW
Symbol: advapi32_GetInheritanceSourceW
Symbol: imagehlp_BindImageEx
Symbol: kernel32_FindActCtxSectionGuid
Symbol: oleaut32_OleCreateFontIndirect
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetSourceListW
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingExportPnPA
Symbol: msi_MsiSetPropertyA
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureFeatureFromDescriptorA
Symbol: iphlpapi_NhpAllocateAndGetInterfaceInfoFromStack
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetOptionValueV5DS
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdAttachSurface
Symbol: d3dim700_PaletteAssociateNotify
Symbol: user32_SetWindowWord
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddSerializedElementToStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCompressKey
Symbol: netui1_MxFreeUnicode
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLAllocHandle
Symbol: winscard_SCardForgetCardTypeA
Symbol: gdi32_EngCreateBitmap
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorEndEnumeration
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetInterdomainTrustAccountPasswordsForUpgrade
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compareA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_s
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpCountVbl
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamEndStreaming
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enumerate_Classes
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxMoveNext
Symbol: wiashext_IMGetDeviceIdFromIDL
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubDumpStructure
Symbol: mcd32_MCDAllocBuffers
Symbol: jet500_JetCreateQuery
Symbol: nddenb32_LogDebugInfo
Symbol: rtutils_WTFreeTimer
Symbol: rpcrt4_long_from_ndr
Symbol: ole32_HACCEL_UserFree
Symbol: WININET_InternetQueryOptionW
Symbol: mpr_WNetLogonNotify
Symbol: expsrv_PutMemNewObj
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcNameA
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLRowCount
Symbol: secur32_SaslGetProfilePackageW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasIsSharedConnection
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddInstallSectionToDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: spoolss_AllocSplStr
Symbol: ip6fwhlp_ServiceMain
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionObjectSize
Symbol: asycfilt_FilterCreateInstance
Symbol: user32_ExitWindowsEx
Symbol: user32_DestroyWindow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwStopProfile
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLPrepareW
Symbol: rtutils_WTFreeEvent
Symbol: ws2help_WahNotifyAllProcesses
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpCSngR4
Symbol: imeshare_FSaveIMEShareSetting
Symbol: secur32_GetComputerObjectNameA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInfoListClass
Symbol: wlnotify_RegisterTicketExpiredNotificationEvent
Symbol: shimeng_SE_DllLoaded
Symbol: nwprovau_NwSetInfoInRegistry
Symbol: nwprovau_NPOpenEnum
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupInstallMonitor
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInStrRev
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdiv_m32
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetThreadOptions
Symbol: certcli_CASetCAFlags
Symbol: certcli_CAFindByName
Symbol: crypt32_CertCompareCertificate
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryRegistryValues
Symbol: ntdll_NtRequestWaitReplyPort
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDescRecA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncEndOfContents
Symbol: gdi32_GdiAddGlsBounds
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsContextLockShared
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUserMarshalSimpleTypeConvert
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrDllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsMissing
Symbol: netapi32_DsValidateSubnetNameW
Symbol: netapi32_DsAddressToSiteNamesA
Symbol: advapi32_SetNamedSecurityInfoA
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadAffinityMask
Symbol: kernel32_SetDefaultCommConfigW
Symbol: dplayx_DirectPlayLobbyCreateA
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdiv_m32
Symbol: nview_NViewShowMenu
Symbol: scredir_SCardIntroduceReaderW
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdiv_m32
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetTcpTableFromStack
Symbol: esent97_JetBeginExternalBackup
Symbol: admparse_AdmSaveData
Symbol: netfxperf_OpenPerformanceData
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationPort
Symbol: ntdll_ZwProtectVirtualMemory
Symbol: gdi32_EngGradientFill
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackSpn2W
Symbol: SHDOCVW_HlinkFrameNavigateNHL
Symbol: anvioctl_ACOLOR_UpdatePalette
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIDeleteMail
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCreateStreamOnFileA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpwPathCanonicalize
Symbol: trkwks_ServiceEntry
Symbol: HAL_HalSetEnvironmentVariable
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_AliasW
Symbol: msctf_TF_GetGlobalCompartment
Symbol: storprop_CdromKnownGoodDigitalPlayback
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminPortDisconnect
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpResumePlay
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetBufferLengthForStringCopy
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1s
Symbol: msvcrt_log
Symbol: user32_DlgDirSelectComboBoxExA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySystemEnvironmentValueEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlZeroMemory
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateUnicodeStringFromAsciiz
Symbol: ntdll_NtCloseObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: netui1_MxRestoreSetinfoBuffer
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaICancelNotification
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackSpn3W
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmAllocate
Symbol: URLMON_UrlMkSetSessionOption
Symbol: pswin_DllEntryPoint
Symbol: kd1394_KdReceivePacket
Symbol: advapi32_SetInformationCodeAuthzPolicyW
Symbol: kernel32_VerifyConsoleIoHandle
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamOpenFromFile
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplDeviceManagerState
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrInqBeginW
Symbol: p2psvc_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: p2psvc_IMServiceMain
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdiv_m32
Symbol: mscms_InternalSetDeviceConfig
Symbol: jet500_JetRetrieveKey
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUdpTableFromStack
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2s
Symbol: adsldpc_ConvertU2TrusteeToSid
Symbol: adsldpc_ConvertSidToU2Trustee
Symbol: msvcrt_tan
Symbol: msvcrt_div
Symbol: user32_SetSystemMenu
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLFreeStmt
Symbol: clbcatq_OpenComponentLibraryOnStreamEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_enum_from_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcTestCancel
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFullPointerXlatFree
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustLoadFunctionPointers
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeGetShareSecurityW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRightBstr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpCSngR8
Symbol: olesvr32_SrvrWndProc
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_DisplayOverlayImage
Symbol: kernel32_ChangeTimerQueueTimer
Symbol: kernel32_CancelTimerQueueTimer
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_Unmarshal
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetCustomAuthDataA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassInstallParamsA
Symbol: spoolss_SpoolerInit
Symbol: serialui_drvCommConfigDialogW
Symbol: olepro32_OleCreateFontIndirect
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColAttribute
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderGLRCi
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3s
Symbol: crtdll__fileinfo_dll
Symbol: gdi32_CreateMetaFileW
Symbol: rpcrt4_tree_into_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_CreateStubFromTypeInfo
Symbol: ole32_StringFromGUID2
Symbol: cryptdll_CDGenerateRandomBits
Symbol: expsrv_rtcPartition
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithNameA
Symbol: kernel32_SetComPlusPackageInstallStatus
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleDisplayMode
Symbol: kernel32_FreeUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayCreateVector
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetSubEntryHandleA
Symbol: softpub_GenericChainFinalProv
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingLookupNext
Symbol: pdh_PdhLookupPerfNameByIndexA
Symbol: pdh_PdhLookupPerfIndexByNameA
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdiv_m64
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFEnumMembers
Symbol: ftsrch_QueryOptions
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4s
Symbol: msvcrt_cos
Symbol: user32_DestroyCursor
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceEnum
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv4StringToAddressA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv4AddressToStringA
Symbol: netui1_MNetConfigSet
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDescribeCol
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecEoid
Symbol: gdi32_EngEraseSurface
Symbol: rpcrt4_tree_size_ndr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2ErrVar
Symbol: msftedit_RichEdit10ANSIWndProc
Symbol: secur32_DeleteSecurityPackageW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_extW
Symbol: advapi32_UpdateTraceA
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetIconSize
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageUnload
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileInfoA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetProjectionInfoA
Symbol: samlib_SamSetInformationAlias
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdiv_m64
Symbol: msvcrt20__abnormal_termination
Symbol: nview_HKSetProperty
Symbol: spoolss_RouterFindNextPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingImportNext
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLParamData
Symbol: ntmsapi_EjectDiskFromSADriveA
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdiv_m64
Symbol: dmdskmgr_LoadPropertyPageData
Symbol: opengl32_glClearAccum
Symbol: msvcrt__yn
Symbol: user32_GetClipboardFormatNameW
Symbol: mstlsapi_RequestToTlsRequest
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecNormallySmallExtension
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidCreateNil
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrXmitOrRepAsMarshall
Symbol: samsrv_SamIIncrementPerformanceCounter
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluBringOnlineDTC2W
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryReleaseMethod
Symbol: lz32_LZInit
Symbol: scecli_SceGenerateGroupPolicy
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_FullscreenA
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetRetry
Symbol: advapi32_TraceMessage
Symbol: kernel32_HeapValidate
Symbol: samlib_SamLookupNamesInDomain
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrinterW
Symbol: rasrad_RasAuthProviderAuthenticateUser
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDataSourcesW
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpOpen
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPowerR8
Symbol: msi_MsiGetPropertyW
Symbol: mcd32_MCDProcessBatch
Symbol: jsproxy_InternetGetProxyInfo
Symbol: iphlpapi_do_echo_rep
Symbol: ieakeng_GetFavoritesMaxNumber
Symbol: shell32_SHMapPIDLToSystemImageListIndex
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetClientOptions
Symbol: cmdial32_AutoDialFunc
Symbol: asfsipc_MySIPGetSignedDataMsg
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv6StringToAddressA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv6AddressToStringA
Symbol: ntdll_NtRequestPort
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLExecDirectA
Symbol: winscard_SCardCancel
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerInitializeNew
Symbol: samsrv_SampGetDefaultSecurityDescriptorForClass
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarErrI4
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4ErrVar
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIFreeBuffer
Symbol: winmm_midiOutCacheDrumPatches
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_unbind_s
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeAndAuditAlarmA
Symbol: netcfgx_ModemClassCoInstaller
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdiv_m64
Symbol: msvcrt40__abnormal_termination
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPowerR8
Symbol: iphlpapi_do_echo_req
Symbol: icaapi_IcaMemoryFree
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdiv_m32i
Symbol: user32_DialogBoxIndirectParamW
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryMutant
Symbol: gdi32_GetGraphicsMode
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetLocalFont
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsAllocate
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetCreateSecurityManager
Symbol: AllNode_DES_initktab
Symbol: SHLWAPI_wvnsprintfW
Symbol: ssdpapi_CleanupCache
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpOidToStr
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpStrToOid
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSDToSDRootDomainA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSDToStringSDRootDomainA
Symbol: kernel32_WaitForSingleObjectEx
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCtrlHandler
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Uninstall_DevNode
Symbol: nview_NVZoomSetting
Symbol: tapi32_internalRenameLocationW
Symbol: pdh_PdhValidatePathA
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLParamData
Symbol: msi_MsiReinstallFeatureFromDescriptorA
Symbol: shell32_ExtractAssociatedIconW
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropCheckIfWritable
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptReadTrustedPublisherDWORDValueFromRegistry
Symbol: ntdll_sqrt
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAreMappedFilesTheSame
Symbol: gdi32_GetArcDirection
Symbol: gdi32_GdiStartPageEMF
Symbol: gdi32_EnumEnhMetaFile
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcLogEvent
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIMEStatus
Symbol: AllNode_AllNode_Init
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleDcAsDc
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandInternetExplorer
Symbol: advapi32_LookupPrivilegeValueA
Symbol: advapi32_GetManagedApplicationCategories
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDescriptionExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Invert_Range_List
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__commode
Symbol: tapi32_lineCreateAgentSessionW
Symbol: occache_RemoveExpiredControls
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastEnumerateScopes
Symbol: d3dim_FlushD3DDevices
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateStreamSelector
Symbol: msvcrt_sin
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdiv_m16i
Symbol: crypt32_CertCompareIntegerBlob
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceTransportEnum
Symbol: ntdll_CsrCaptureMessageBuffer
Symbol: rtutils_DeRegisterWaitEventBindingSelf
Symbol: gdi32_PlayEnhMetaFile
Symbol: rpcrt4_IUnknown_Release_Proxy
Symbol: ole32_CoGetComCatalog
Symbol: expsrv_rtcStringVar
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSetCompatMode
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapsFull
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMIsContentProtected
Symbol: advapi32_GetNamedSecurityInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_OpenDataFile
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessHandleCount
Symbol: kernel32_CreateThread
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfilePutSectionName
Symbol: samlib_SamiChangePasswordUser
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentSessionInfo
Symbol: scredir_SCardGetStatusChangeW
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIObjectPropertiesA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetFunctions
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsMediaPoolNameA
Symbol: ntmarta_AccGetExplicitEntries
Symbol: mapistub_HrSetOmiProvidersFlagsInvalid
Symbol: iassvcs_IASGetLocalDictionary
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryTimerResolution
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiIssueRemoteBreakin
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiConvertStateChangeStructure
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareEnum
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSeqOf_VarSize
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFileW
Symbol: clbcatq_DowngradeAPL
Symbol: clbcatq_CoRegCleanup
Symbol: samsrv_SampInvalidateRidRange
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATPutAttrInfo
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeTrustedShareEnumW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrToIntExW
Symbol: imeshare_EndIMEShare
Symbol: scecli_SceAddToNameStatusList
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn_s
Symbol: advapi32_OpenEncryptedFileRawW
Symbol: advapi32_DeregisterEventSource
Symbol: kernel32_LocalReAlloc
Symbol: kernel32_AddRefActCtx
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileOpenA
Symbol: usrdpa_CloseR0Driver
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetWildcardSockaddr
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplRscMgrLoadDialogCtrlStrings
Symbol: tapi32_lineNegotiateAPIVersion
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphCloseDirectConnection
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltRemoveW
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__commode
Symbol: ieakeng_BuildPalette
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateProfile
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetThreadOptions
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionObjectSize
Symbol: opengl32_glShadeModel
Symbol: opengl32_glReadBuffer
Symbol: msvcrt__aligned_free
Symbol: user32_DestroyAcceleratorTable
Symbol: crypt32_CryptCreateKeyIdentifierFromCSP
Symbol: ntdll_LdrFlushAlternateResourceModules
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDiagRecW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Res_Des_Handle
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverAddW
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhAcceptStreamSocket
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetPageCount
Symbol: gdi32_BRUSHOBJ_ulGetBrushColor
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetMixedDomainFlag
Symbol: sti_ci_MigrateDevice
Symbol: rasman_RasGetConnectionParams
Symbol: setupdll_DeleteAllConnections
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetNextRoute
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeObj
Symbol: mscat32_IsCatalogFile
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyAnimBmpA
Symbol: shell32_SHGetIconOverlayIndexA
Symbol: shell32_SHChangeNotifyRegister
Symbol: duser_UnregisterGadgetMessage
Symbol: dnsapi_NetInfo_Clean
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_PingAdapterServers
Symbol: msvcrt_exp
Symbol: icmp_IcmpCloseHandle
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1DecRealloc
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetAliasMembership
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcLinkDecode
Symbol: lz32_LZCopy
Symbol: netapi32_NetGetDCName
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleCancel
Symbol: ntlanman_ShareManage
Symbol: winmm_gfxBatchChange
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_memfreeW
Symbol: advapi32_WriteEncryptedFileRaw
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptGetEventCode
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Remove_SubTree_Ex
Symbol: scredir_SCardEstablishContext
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupConnect
Symbol: pdh_PlaTimeInfoToMilliSeconds
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgNotifyRemoteThreadAddress
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRedimPreserveVar
Symbol: mprddm_RasAuthProviderAuthenticateUser
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminPortClearStats
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetPropertyInfo
Symbol: wmi_SetTraceCallback
Symbol: crtdll__daylight_dll
Symbol: crtdll___GetMainArgs
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryDatabaseStatus
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptFindSmartCardCertInStore
Symbol: activeds_AllocADsMem
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminConnectionEnum
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLeaveCriticalSection
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtStatsVectorFree
Symbol: ole32_OleGetClipboard
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcStatementTypeDecode
Symbol: olecli32_LeObjectLong
Symbol: inetcfg__LaunchSignupWizardEx
Symbol: advapi32_DecryptFileA
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleA
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileIntA
Symbol: kernel32_FlushInstructionCache
Symbol: uxtheme_DrawThemeBackgroundEx
Symbol: p2p_PeerGetItemCount
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumMachinesA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLForeignKeysW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLParamOptions
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLParamData
Symbol: ocmanage_OcTerminate
Symbol: netid_CreateNetIDPropertyPage
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRedimPreserveVar
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSResumeShow
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetHeaderfv
Symbol: shell32_CheckEscapesW
Symbol: exts_kuser
Symbol: digest_InitSecurityInterfaceA
Symbol: activeds_ConvertSecDescriptorToVariant
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBEntryDelete
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRequestWaitReplyPort
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseDestroy
Symbol: rtutils_MprSetupProtocolEnum
Symbol: schannel_SealMessage
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncEoid
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSmSetClientToOsf
Symbol: ole32_CoWaitForMultipleHandles
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeSetShareSecurityW
Symbol: lz32_GetExpandedNameA
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcOpenA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ProcessTwainMessage
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_s
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromUI1
Symbol: rasapi32_RasValidateEntryNameW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetCustomAuthDataA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptGetIpAddress
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetClassInstallParamsA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_Size_ExA
Symbol: spoolss_LoadDriverFiletoConvertDevmode
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrintProcessorsW
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetScale
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookLoad
Symbol: msvcrt___p__fileinfo
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBEntryCreate
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhCreateStreamSocket
Symbol: winscard_SCardListInterfacesW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecBool
Symbol: ole32_CLIPFORMAT_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR4ErrVar
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerSupportsVolume
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathSearchAndQualifyW
Symbol: advapi32_AdjustTokenPrivileges
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleDisplayMode
Symbol: kernel32_LocalCompact
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteTimerQueueTimer
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromUI2
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamTimeToSample
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamSampleToTime
Symbol: rasman_RasSignalNewConnection
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvAdvancedDocumentProperties
Symbol: utildll_GetAssociatedPortName
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarIndexStoreObj
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdivr_m32
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCloseObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateDirectoryObject
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionServerEnum
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLColumnsW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Unregister_Device_InterfaceW
Symbol: gdi32_XLATEOBJ_iXlate
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdiv_m32i
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsSetServerInfo
Symbol: advapi32_WmiSetSingleInstanceW
Symbol: kernel32_ReplaceFileW
Symbol: kernel32_GetAtomNameA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateTimerQueueTimer
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableGetExtraData
Symbol: setupapi_SetupIterateCabinetA
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetBroadcastSockaddr
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfCounterW
Symbol: netshell_HrLaunchConnectionEx
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__dstbias
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarIndexStoreObj
Symbol: hlink_HlinkGetValueFromParams
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetHeaderiv
Symbol: shell32_SheChangeDirW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsEnumRangesOrExcl
Symbol: opengl32_glClearDepth
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegDeleteValue
Symbol: atmlib_ATMAddFontExA
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapSearchST
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DColorARGB
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DColorRGBA
Symbol: cscdll_CSCUnpinFileA
Symbol: cscdll_LogonHappened
Symbol: crypt32_CryptFindCertificateKeyProvInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLFreeConnect
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_moretext
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_ListA
Symbol: gdi32_ExcludeClipRect
Symbol: samsrv_SamICreateAccountByRid
Symbol: mscoree_CorBindToRuntimeByCfg
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateNotify
Symbol: iedkcs32_InternetInitializeAutoProxyDll
Symbol: imm32_CtfAImmActivate
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetRetry
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadCodePtr
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromUI4
Symbol: drmclien_KeyExchange
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvDescribeLayerPlane
Symbol: spoolss_SetPrinterW
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingExportPnPW
Symbol: msi_MsiSetPropertyW
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenDatabaseA
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureFeatureFromDescriptorW
Symbol: shell32_SHAllocShared
Symbol: user32_BroadcastSystemMessageA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptFindLocalizedName
Symbol: winscard_SCardForgetCardTypeW
Symbol: ole32_HDC_UserMarshal
Symbol: ws2help_WahOpenNotificationHandleHelper
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdiv_m16i
Symbol: expsrv_TipSetOption
Symbol: MSOERT2_FMissingCert
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsHTMLFileW
Symbol: netapi32_NetGetJoinInformation
Symbol: sccsccp_SCCPDllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compareW
Symbol: advapi32_GetUserNameA
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadReadPtr
Symbol: wshisn_WSHGetWildcardSockaddr
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceSetup
Symbol: p2p_DllMain
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureValidStatesA
Symbol: mobsync_MobsyncGetClassObject
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllInitializeDstW
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionObjectSize
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DColorMake
Symbol: user32_GetWindowModuleFileName
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_stricmp
Symbol: odbcbcp_SQLGetNextEnumeration
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_SetGraphicsMode
Symbol: gdi32_SelectFontLocal
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8ErrVar
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcNameW
Symbol: secur32_LsaGetLogonSessionData
Symbol: srclient_DisableFIFO
Symbol: advapi32_GetLengthSid
Symbol: comdlg32_ChooseColorA
Symbol: kernel32_LoadLibraryA
Symbol: oleaut32_SetOaNoCache
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetConnectResponse
Symbol: msvcrt20___mb_cur_max
Symbol: glmf32_glsCommandFunc
Symbol: shell32_PifMgr_CloseProperties
Symbol: dbghelp_ImageRvaToVa
Symbol: opengl32_glClearIndex
Symbol: syssetup_SetupGetProductType
Symbol: msgina_WlxDisplayLockedNotice
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncSeqOf_VarSize
Symbol: gdi32_SetArcDirection
Symbol: gdi32_EngFindResource
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFullPointerXlatInit
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheEntryInfoA
Symbol: olesvr32_ItemCallBack
Symbol: anvioctl_GetDeviceID
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathMakeSystemFolderA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpSmbCheck
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserChangePassword
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminServerGetInfo
Symbol: secur32_SaslEnumerateProfilesA
Symbol: secur32_InitSecurityInterfaceA
Symbol: secur32_GetComputerObjectNameW
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilUnicodeToUTF8
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilUTF8ToUnicode
Symbol: comdlg32_ReplaceTextA
Symbol: kernel32_NlsResetProcessLocale
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumeInformationA
Symbol: kernel32_GetStdHandle
Symbol: kernel32_CreateEventA
Symbol: msvcrt20__beginthread
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCastObj
Symbol: msisip_MsiSIPGetSignedDataMsg
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDecodeBlock
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_UpdateLib
Symbol: loadperf_UnloadPerfCounterTextStringsA
Symbol: msvcrt_pow
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdivr_m64
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRequestPort
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetLengthWithoutTrailingPathSeperators
Symbol: netui1_MNetRemoteTOD
Symbol: esent_JetDeleteTable
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDescRecW
Symbol: schannel_SpUserModeInitialize
Symbol: samsrv_SamrGetAliasMembership
Symbol: msjetoledb40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: anvioctl_EnableVideo
Symbol: atl_AtlInternalQueryInterface
Symbol: netapi32_DsAddressToSiteNamesW
Symbol: regapi_RegConsoleShadowQueryA
Symbol: sfcfiles_SfcGetFiles
Symbol: advapi32_SetNamedSecurityInfoW
Symbol: advapi32_OpenServiceA
Symbol: kernel32_SetEndOfFile
Symbol: dplayx_DirectPlayLobbyCreateW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromUI8
Symbol: tapi32_lineSecureCall
Symbol: tapi32_lineReleaseUserUserInfo
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetTypeInfoW
Symbol: msvcrt40___mb_cur_max
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCastObj
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetCurrentCalendar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaDateVar
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATGetCatAttrInfo
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetUsagesEx
Symbol: fmifs_EnableVolumeCompression
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorAdd
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetDriverInfo
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminConnectionEnum
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryMutant
Symbol: ntdll_NtCancelIoFile
Symbol: netui1_MNetLogonEnum
Symbol: esent_JetCreateTable
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecUnsignedShort
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqIfA
Symbol: ole32_HACCEL_UserSize
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcLinkEncode
Symbol: olecli32_OleReconnect
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCreateStreamOnFileW
Symbol: comctl32_MakeDragList
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumberOfConsoleMouseButtons
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromStr
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlStrDup
Symbol: msvcrt40__beginthread
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetCurrentCalendar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaDateVar
Symbol: mfc40_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_SHPathPrepareForWriteA
Symbol: opengl32_glDepthRange
Symbol: user32_DlgDirSelectComboBoxExW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptCreateAsyncHandle
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminPortDisconnect
Symbol: gdi32_UnrealizeObject
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPlayDCScript
Symbol: samsrv_SamrEnumerateDomainsInSamServer
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcStatementTypeEncode
Symbol: ddraw_DDInternalLock
Symbol: netapi32_NetAuditRead
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetGetForestTrustInformation
Symbol: imeshare_RGBFromIMEColorStyle
Symbol: ntlanman_ShareCreate
Symbol: scecli_SceLookupPrivRightName
Symbol: advapi32_EncryptFileA
Symbol: kernel32_GetLocalTime
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromStr
Symbol: rasman_RasSetConnectionParams
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiLoadClassIcon
Symbol: usrdtea_DTE_SetBy_DB
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetMessage
Symbol: spoolss_ReplyPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectsHA
Symbol: nwprovau_NwQueryLogonOptions
Symbol: ntmsapi_DecommissionNtmsMedia
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetIfTableFromStack
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyLogoBmpA
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyHttFileA
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQuery_UTF8
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsApiRealloc
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionServerEnum
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookEnumCountries
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_strncmp
Symbol: esent_JetResetTableSequential
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Key_NameA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx2uint32
Symbol: WININET_InternetFindNextFileA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNameFile
Symbol: winmm_DriverCallback
Symbol: HAL_HalClearSoftwareInterrupt
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorRMControl
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumerateModules64
Symbol: kernel32_CreateJobSet
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileClose
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetCustomAuthDataW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassInstallParamsW
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__mbctype
Symbol: msr2c_VDGetICursorFromIRowset
Symbol: msctf_TF_GetLangIcon
Symbol: traffic_TcDeleteFlow
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetDevCaps
Symbol: rtm_MgmTakeInterfaceOwnership
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLenVarB
Symbol: mfc42_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glu32_gluTessCallback
Symbol: shell32_DuplicateIcon
Symbol: dnsapi_NetInfo_Build
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumOptionValues
Symbol: cmutil_CmConvertRelativePathA
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetColumn
Symbol: msvcrt___p__daylight
Symbol: ntdll_LdrSetDllManifestProber
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLRowCount
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncBool
Symbol: ole32_OleSetClipboard
Symbol: advpack_DoInfInstall
Symbol: es_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdivr_m32
Symbol: mscoree_LogHelp_NoGuiOnAssert
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_GetAdjustment
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsRename
Symbol: HAL_HalQueryDisplayParameters
Symbol: advapi32_RegSetValueA
Symbol: advapi32_FileEncryptionStatusA
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithNameW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromStr
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetSubEntryHandleW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetGlobalFlags
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveFromDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiGetCommandHandle
Symbol: msvcrt20__j0
Symbol: nview_NVLoadDatabase
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentSessionList
Symbol: pdh_PdhLookupPerfNameByIndexW
Symbol: pdh_PdhLookupPerfIndexByNameW
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleIsObjectAccessible
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastGenUID
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLenVarB
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeVar
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideComponentFromDescriptorA
Symbol: iphlpapi_DeleteIpForwardEntry
Symbol: opengl32_wglCreateLayerContext
Symbol: opengl32_glRenderMode
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumNextCA
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGetTimeBase
Symbol: loadperf_SetServiceAsTrustedA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidateProcessHeaps
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv4StringToAddressW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv4AddressToStringW
Symbol: esent_JetRenameTable
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncNormallySmall
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecSkip
Symbol: gdi32_ExtCreateRegion
Symbol: gdi32_EudcUnloadLinkW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCombineA
Symbol: netapi32_NetFileClose
Symbol: netapi32_NetConfigGet
Symbol: psapi_EnumPageFilesA
Symbol: advapi32_UpdateTraceW
Symbol: advapi32_I_ScIsSecurityProcess
Symbol: kernel32_SetCommBreak
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedFlushSList
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalUnlock
Symbol: kernel32_GetCPInfoExA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileInfoW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetProjectionInfoW
Symbol: samlib_SamOpenDomain
Symbol: msvcrt20__j1
Symbol: ctl3d32_ComboWndProc3d
Symbol: ntmsapi_EjectDiskFromSADriveW
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__mbctype
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargObj
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeVar
Symbol: iphlpapi_CreateIpForwardEntry
Symbol: glu32_gluBeginSurface
Symbol: ftsrch_OpenTabDialog
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetScale
Symbol: opengl32_glClearColor
Symbol: user32_DdeNameService
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyCertificateSignature
Symbol: gdi32_GetDCBrushColor
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetVideoFormat
Symbol: icwdial_AutoDialInit
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAddTlnFtinfoEntry
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcNextA
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_FullscreenW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasDownSampleBuffer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sslinitA
Symbol: advapi32_WmiOpenBlock
Symbol: comdlg32_dwLBSubclass
Symbol: kernel32_AllocConsole
Symbol: rasman_RasFreeBuffer
Symbol: ir50_qc_CompressBegin
Symbol: usp10_ScriptFreeCache
Symbol: ir41_qc_CompressBegin
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetLineInfo
Symbol: tapi32_MMCAddProvider
Symbol: odbcji32_IntlLibHinst
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: msvcrt40__j0
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_QueryInterface
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFileInfo
Symbol: shell32_SHSimpleIDListFromPath
Symbol: dxmasf_UtilLoadImage
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionObjectSize
Symbol: user32_DdeInitializeA
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSFreeTSCertificate
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv6StringToAddressW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIpv6AddressToStringW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLExecDirectW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqEpA
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateLinkEx
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIInitialize
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupBackupSecurity
Symbol: HAL_KeQueryPerformanceCounter
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeAndAuditAlarmW
Symbol: oleaut32_VARIANT_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: rasman_RasBundleGetStatistics
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableSetExtraData
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetVersionInfoFromImage
Symbol: msvfw32_GetOpenFileNamePreview
Symbol: msvcrt40__j1
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_QueryInterface
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarLike
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFreeConfigStructure
Symbol: opengl32_glDrawBuffer
Symbol: crypt32_CryptRegisterDefaultOIDFunction
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateCertificateChainEngine
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTree_ExA
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamOpen
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverOpen
Symbol: winsta__WinStationNotifyDisconnectPipe
Symbol: advapi32_LookupSecurityDescriptorPartsA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSDToSDRootDomainW
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSDToStringSDRootDomainW
Symbol: kernel32_DosPathToSessionPathA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromStr
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcDisconnectServer
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryInfFileInformationA
Symbol: nview_NVDetectDesktopManagers
Symbol: tapi32_internalConfig
Symbol: setupdll_GetMCABusInformation
Symbol: rasppp_SendPPPMessageToEngine
Symbol: pdh_PdhValidatePathW
Symbol: nwprovau_NSPStartup
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiSetObjectSecurity
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLike
Symbol: msi_MsiReinstallFeatureFromDescriptorW
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetTcpTable
Symbol: clusapi_DeleteClusterResource
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapInitializeSearchPreferences
Symbol: iuengine_EngDownload
Symbol: crtdll__winmajor_dll
Symbol: cscdll_CSCEndSynchronizationW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnterCriticalSection
Symbol: ntdll_NtFreeUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionGetSvrUser
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecAddSAs
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLFetchScroll
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecNull
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarRemovePrivilegesFromAccount
Symbol: gdi32_GetKerningPairs
Symbol: gdi32_GdiCreateLocalEnhMetaFile
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdivr_m64
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonLdapLookup
Symbol: advapi32_LookupPrivilegeValueW
Symbol: kernel32_MoveFileWithProgressA
Symbol: oleaut32_DispCallFunc
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDescriptionExW
Symbol: usrdtea_CallProgress_TaskInit
Symbol: rtm_RtmCloseEnumerationHandle
Symbol: raschap_RasCpGetInfo
Symbol: clusapi_CreateClusterResource
Symbol: asfsipc_MySIPPutSignedDataMsg
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEShutdown
Symbol: msvcrt___p___initenv
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetPublicKeyLength
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerConnect
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateDirectoryObject
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_ALIAS_INFO_BUFFER
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetDialStateA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFileSeek
Symbol: olecli32_ErrReconnect
Symbol: mapi32_ScMAPIXFromCMC
Symbol: query_CIMakeICommand
Symbol: scecli_SceDcPromoteSecurityEx
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_PrintImage
Symbol: HAL_HalProcessorIdle
Symbol: HAL_HalDisableSystemInterrupt
Symbol: advapi32_ProcessTrace
Symbol: irclass_IrSIRClassCoInstaller
Symbol: rasman_RasPortConnectComplete
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallDevice
Symbol: winfax_FaxFreeBuffer
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIObjectPropertiesW
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsMediaPoolNameW
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUdpTable
Symbol: shell32_SHValidateUNC
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetFillF
Symbol: wuapi_ConfirmDecline
Symbol: dciman32_WinWatchOpen
Symbol: opengl32_glMaterialfv
Symbol: cdfview_ParseDesktopComponent
Symbol: syssetup_SetupSetIntlOptions
Symbol: msvcrt___p__amblksiz
Symbol: user32_UserClientDllInitialize
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminPortDisconnect
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapReAlloc
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverEnum
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncUnsignedShort
Symbol: advpack_ExtractFiles
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheEntryInfoA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFileLock
Symbol: imm32_ImmWINNLSGetEnableStatus
Symbol: scecli_SceFreeMemory
Symbol: kernel32_SetStdHandle
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileOpenW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvHangupConnection
Symbol: usrdpa_DPGetVariable
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpCmpCy
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetDurTrailWithPensInSubline
Symbol: shell32_ShellExecuteA
Symbol: wmi_WmiDevInstToInstanceNameA
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptUninstallCancelRetrieval
Symbol: d3dim700_D3DBreakVBLock
Symbol: user32_GetAltTabInfoA
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerSubtract
Symbol: gdi32_GetPolyFillMode
Symbol: samsrv_SamrCreateUserInDomain
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeVerifyJoinConfig
Symbol: qcap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsUNCServerShareA
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertModifyCertificatesToTrust
Symbol: mtxlegih_TryLegInterfaceFirst
Symbol: umpnpmgr_PNP_GetDeviceRegProp
Symbol: kernel32_GetTempPathA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizIsEntryRenamable
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableInitializeEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDevsA
Symbol: tapi32_lineNegotiateExtVersion
Symbol: setupdll_CheckPrivilegeExists
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeFilterSpecs
Symbol: odbcjt32_ConfigDSNExW
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiSetObjectPropNull
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpCmpCy
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSetCurrentCalendar
Symbol: msconf_NewMediaPhone
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyAnimBmpW
Symbol: icm32_CMTranslateRGBs
Symbol: shell32_SHGetIconOverlayIndexW
Symbol: dsauth_StoreSetSearchOneLevel
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeGetSecurity
Symbol: crtdll__timezone_dll
Symbol: user32_OemToCharBuffA
Symbol: user32_CloseClipboard
Symbol: user32_CharToOemBuffA
Symbol: powrprof_MergeLegacyPwrScheme
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteSecurityObject
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLProceduresA
Symbol: gdi32_GetNearestColor
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheGroup
Symbol: olecli32_BmEnumFormat
Symbol: mapi32_WrapCompressedRTFStream
Symbol: imm32_ImmIsUIMessageA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetImageXResolution
Symbol: kernel32_Thread32First
Symbol: kernel32_LCMapStringA
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentConsoleFont
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromStr
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantClear
Symbol: rasdlg_DwTerminalDlg
Symbol: samlib_SamDeleteUser
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetPlatformPathOverrideA
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGlobalNext
Symbol: shimeng_SE_IsShimDll
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSetCurrentCalendar
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetFillI
Symbol: duser_PeekMessageExA
Symbol: opengl32_glMaterialiv
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeToAdsTypeCopyConstruct
Symbol: adsldpc_AdsTypeToLdapTypeCopyConstruct
Symbol: adptif_IpxSendPacket
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdUpdateOverlay
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminPortClearStats
Symbol: winipsec_AddMMFilter
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDataSources
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecBits
Symbol: mscoree_EEDllUnregisterServer
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssMLHistoryDecodeEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCreateStreamWrapper
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMGetDVDROMDriveStrings
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetImageYResolution
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetSecret
Symbol: advapi32_DecryptFileW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptVerifySignatureA
Symbol: kernel32_SetLocalTime
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleW
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileIntW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleProcessList
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCP
Symbol: msvcrt20__endthreadex
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphDeleteRecord
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetProtocolOnInterface
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumMachinesW
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarIdiv
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaBoolVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryLock
Symbol: inseng_PurgeDownloadDirectory
Symbol: glmf32_glsDataPointer
Symbol: digest_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerRefresh
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTimeToSecondsSince1970
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSecondsSince1970ToTime
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateThread
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupEnum
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLValidDSNW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqExA
Symbol: ole32_CoDisableCallCancellation
Symbol: olecli32_LeEnumFormat
Symbol: lz32_GetExpandedNameW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleParseMhtmlUrl
Symbol: anvioctl_GetMMIOBase
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetlogonGetTrustRid
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcOpenW
Symbol: hnetcfg_AlgUninstall
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetControlDetailsA
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityDescriptorRMControl
Symbol: advapi32_EnumServicesStatusExA
Symbol: kernel32_GetUserGeoID
Symbol: localspl_SplCopyNumberOfFiles
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetCustomAuthDataW
Symbol: rasman_RasDeviceEnum
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetClassInstallParamsW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_Size_ExW
Symbol: usrdtea_CallProgress_TaskExit
Symbol: msvcrt20__getdiskfree
Symbol: userenv_GetPreviousFgPolicyRefreshInfo
Symbol: unimdmat_UmDialModem
Symbol: tapi32_lineInitialize
Symbol: rtm_BestMatchInTable
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarIdiv
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaBoolVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryLock
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateProcessAsUserW
Symbol: duser_DrawGadgetTree
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionServerEnum
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneDot
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixRotationYawPitchRoll
Symbol: apphelp_SdbOpenApphelpDetailsDatabaseSP
Symbol: d3dim700_CreateTexture
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCancelIoFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTimeToSecondsSince1980
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSecondsSince1980ToTime
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCompareUnicodeString
Symbol: esent_JetDeleteIndex
Symbol: msacm32_acmGetVersion
Symbol: gdi32_EngQueryEMFInfo
Symbol: ole32_ProgIDFromCLSID
Symbol: ole32_CLSIDFromProgID
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCIpAddressA
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCopyStream
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExShowNavPane
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_SetAdjustment
Symbol: winsta_WinStationSendMessageA
Symbol: kernel32_TermsrvAppInstallMode
Symbol: kernel32_LoadResource
Symbol: kernel32_CreateMutexA
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupSetGlobalFlags
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetInfFileListA
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__environ
Symbol: tsappcmp_GetTermsrCompatFlags
Symbol: rsaenh_CPGetKeyParam
Symbol: rend_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: oleacc_GetStateTextA
Symbol: msvcrt40__endthreadex
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcChangeDir
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrDate
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaDateStr
Symbol: kerberos_SpUserModeInitialize
Symbol: wship6_WSHOpenSocket
Symbol: ieakeng_GetProxyDlgA
Symbol: ftsrch_DeleteHiliter
Symbol: opengl32_glReadPixels
Symbol: opengl32_glGetDoublev
Symbol: d3dim700_Direct3DCreate
Symbol: user32_CallMsgFilterA
Symbol: ntdll_CsrCaptureMessageString
Symbol: esent_JetCreateIndex
Symbol: msdart_RegDeleteKeyI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Global_State_Ex
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Delete_Class_Key_Ex
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamSize
Symbol: gdi32_EndDoc
Symbol: ole32_SNB_UserMarshal
Symbol: cryptdll_CDBuildIntegrityVect
Symbol: olecli32_MfEnumFormat
Symbol: MSHTML_ShowModelessHTMLDialog
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserGetLocalGroups
Symbol: netapi32_NetConfigSet
Symbol: netapi32_DsMergeForestTrustInformationW
Symbol: imm32_ImmUnlockImeDpi
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetImeInfoEx
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCompositionStringA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GrayToCMap
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelRead
Symbol: imagehlp_SymFromAddr
Symbol: kernel32_UnlockFileEx
Symbol: kernel32_ResumeThread
Symbol: kernel32_GetDefaultSortkeySize
Symbol: kernel32_GetAtomNameW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromStr
Symbol: setupapi_SetupIterateCabinetW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallClassA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetWizardPage
Symbol: sccbase_CPGetUserKey
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetLogSetGUID
Symbol: msvfw32_MCIWndCreateA
Symbol: msvcrt40__getdiskfree
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcChangeDir
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrDate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaDateStr
Symbol: msi_MsiGetPatchInfoA
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetTcpStatsFromStack
Symbol: esent97_JetDefragment
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetFocus
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsDhcpSrvRegisterInit
Symbol: opengl32_glTranslated
Symbol: opengl32_glAreTexturesResident
Symbol: atmlib_ATMAddFontExW
Symbol: msvcrt___getmainargs
Symbol: user32_EnableMenuItem
Symbol: user32_CharLowerBuffA
Symbol: cscdll_CSCUnpinFileW
Symbol: activeds_AllocADsStr
Symbol: msdart_RegCreateKeyI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_ListW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditKerberosLogon
Symbol: gdi32_SetDCBrushColor
Symbol: ole32_CreateErrorInfo
Symbol: olecli32_ObjQueryName
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_SetVideoFormat
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteKeyA
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLParamData
Symbol: scecli_SceOpenPolicy
Symbol: comdlg32_dwOKSubclass
Symbol: kernel32_FreeResource
Symbol: oleaut32_DispGetParam
Symbol: rasapi32_RasIsRouterConnection
Symbol: rasman_RasRequestNotification
Symbol: samlib_SamSetInformationGroup
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetStringFieldA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetLineByIndexA
Symbol: WshRm_WSHOpenSocket2
Symbol: tapi32_MMCSetLineInfo
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLPrimaryKeysW
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__environ
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargVar
Symbol: msimg32_DllInitialize
Symbol: msimg32_vSetDdrawflag
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenDatabaseW
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_look_up
Symbol: hid_HidP_UnsetUsages
Symbol: shell32_IsUserAnAdmin
Symbol: esent97_JetCloseTable
Symbol: digest_MakeSignature
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DColorXRGB
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionInverse
Symbol: qasf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: user32_BroadcastSystemMessageW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteRange
Symbol: ntdll_NtFlushInstructionCache
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallTranslatorW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncNull
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAI_SECRET_ENUM_BUFFER
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcNetworkInqProtseqsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClientCall2
Symbol: URLMON_URLOpenBlockingStreamA
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryClientVersion
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryReleaseStatus
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExShowSeeAlso
Symbol: isign32_AutoDialLogon
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgTurnOffFileSharing
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidListGuid
Symbol: HAL_KeStallExecutionProcessor
Symbol: HAL_IoSetPartitionInformation
Symbol: advapi32_GetUserNameW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumerateSymbols64
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalUnWire
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumPrinterDataEx
Symbol: msvcrt20__y0
Symbol: userenv_RsopAccessCheckByType
Symbol: setupdll_GetLanguage
Symbol: inetmib1_Mib2DLLEntry
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceReturn
Symbol: ntmsapi_AccessNtmsLibraryDoor
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLenBstr
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureValidStatesW
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUdpStatsFromStack
Symbol: glmf32_glsCaptureFunc
Symbol: shell32_CallCPLEntry16
Symbol: shell32_DragQueryFile
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropCreateNotifyObj
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsEnumReservations
Symbol: opengl32_glTranslatef
Symbol: opengl32_glGetLightfv
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterInformation
Symbol: atmlib_ATMBBoxBaseXYShowTextA
Symbol: adptif_IpxRecvPacket
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminGetErrorString
Symbol: ntdll_LdrQueryProcessModuleInformation
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidToStringA
Symbol: ole32_HBRUSH_UserFree
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFileOpen
Symbol: expsrv___vbaDerefAry
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeVarg
Symbol: mscoree_GetCORRequiredVersion
Symbol: mscoree_GetPrivateContextsPerfCounters
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerTransportAdd
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcSetInfo
Symbol: comdlg32_ChooseColorW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymUnDName64
Symbol: kernel32_LoadLibraryW
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessId
Symbol: rasdlg_GetRasDialOutProtocols
Symbol: msvcrt20__y1
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLenBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeStr
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIDetails
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIAddress
Symbol: iashlpr_ConfigureIas
Symbol: shell32_RestartDialog
Symbol: exts_DebugExtensionInitialize
Symbol: dssenh_CPGetKeyParam
Symbol: dsuiext_DsBrowseForContainerA
Symbol: adptif_IpxGetOverlappedResult
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixTranslation
Symbol: crtdll__winminor_dll
Symbol: msvcrt___p__winmajor
Symbol: user32_ReuseDDElParam
Symbol: user32_CharUpperBuffA
Symbol: crypt32_CertDeleteCRLFromStore
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetInformationTrustedDomain
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertBrush
Symbol: gdi32_Escape
Symbol: WININET_GopherGetLocatorTypeA
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheEntryInfoW
Symbol: URLMON_RegisterMediaTypeClass
Symbol: anvioctl_ACOLOR_Init
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgNeedInetComponents
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathMakeSystemFolderW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathGetArgsA
Symbol: secur32_SaslEnumerateProfilesW
Symbol: secur32_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: comdlg32_ReplaceTextW
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumeInformationW
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommState
Symbol: kernel32_CreateEventW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableStringFromId
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiAskForOEMDisk
Symbol: msvcrt20__adjust_fdiv
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetAdapterStringEx
Symbol: setupdll_GetFileLastWriteTime
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceListen
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetStmtAttrW
Symbol: ntmsapi_CloseNtmsNotification
Symbol: msvfw32_ICSendMessage
Symbol: msvcrt40__y0
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeStr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdNamedCallLd
Symbol: mcdsrv32_MCDEngInitEx
Symbol: shell32_OpenAs_RunDLL
Symbol: duser_BuildAnimation
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsDhcpSrvRegisterTerm
Symbol: apphelp_SdbQueryData
Symbol: loadperf_UnloadPerfCounterTextStringsW
Symbol: msvcrt__filelengthi64
Symbol: user32_InvalidateRect
Symbol: user32_CreateDesktopA
Symbol: user32_CascadeWindows
Symbol: cscdll_ReInt_WndProc
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnableEarlyCriticalSectionEventCreation
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLForeignKeys
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_AddRef
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszToUnicode
Symbol: netapi32_NetpInitFtinfoContext
Symbol: ntshrui_SetFolderPermissionsForSharing
Symbol: regapi_RegConsoleShadowQueryW
Symbol: secur32_UnsealMessage
Symbol: umpnpmgr_PNP_SetActiveService
Symbol: advapi32_OpenServiceW
Symbol: advapi32_CredMarshalCredentialA
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleInputVDMA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromCy
Symbol: samlib_SamFreeMemory
Symbol: msvcrt20___lconv_init
Symbol: slbcsp_CPGetKeyParam
Symbol: msvcrt40__y1
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdNamedCallLd
Symbol: msapsspc_SealMessage
Symbol: mcd32_MCDSwapMultiple
Symbol: iasrecst_ServiceMain
Symbol: qdvd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glGetLightiv
Symbol: certcli_CAAddCACertificateType
Symbol: crtdll__sys_nerr_dll
Symbol: crypt32_CertDeleteCTLFromStore
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerInstall
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminPortClearStats
Symbol: msdart_FindNextFileI
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqIfW
Symbol: cryptdll_CDLocateRng
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCmpGe
Symbol: URLMON_CreateFormatEnumerator
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryName
Symbol: olecli32_OleSetBounds
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareEnum
Symbol: winmm_midiDisconnect
Symbol: imagehlp_SymFromName
Symbol: usrdpa_DPSetVariable
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbkalnum
Symbol: msvcrt40__adjust_fdiv
Symbol: msvbvm50_IID_IVbaHost
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcEndOfFile
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargUnk
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrLike
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceClose
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugDriverBlockedW
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPGetKeyParam
Symbol: shell32_SHPathPrepareForWriteW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumOptionValuesDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsEnumOptionValues
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionServerEnum
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetFlipStatus
Symbol: user32_CheckDlgButton
Symbol: mstlsapi_LsCsp_RetrieveSecret
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFreeUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCompactHeap
Symbol: winipsec_AddMMPolicy
Symbol: vxblock_LockUnlockCd
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncBits
Symbol: gdi32_SetPolyFillMode
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetFixedAttributes
Symbol: version_VerFindFileA
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssMLHistoryEncodeEx
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetRegisterWordStyleA
Symbol: strmdll_SelectCrabis
Symbol: winsta__WinStationReInitializeSecurity
Symbol: HAL_WRITE_PORT_UCHAR
Symbol: advapi32_LogonUserExA
Symbol: advapi32_EncryptFileW
Symbol: oleaut32_QueryPathOfRegTypeLib
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileWrite
Symbol: samlib_SamQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupInstallCatalog
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumRoutingMethodsA
Symbol: traffic_TcModifyFlow
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetEventData
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectsHW
Symbol: odbcjt32_AssertSzFail
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLNumParams
Symbol: msvcrt40___lconv_init
Symbol: msvbvm60_IID_IVbaHost
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargUnk
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcEndOfFile
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrLike
Symbol: msisip_MsiSIPPutSignedDataMsg
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyLogoBmpW
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyHttFileW
Symbol: duser_AttachWndProcA
Symbol: opengl32_glDebugEntry
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadStringA
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeSetSecurity
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeCopyConstruct
Symbol: wmi_WmiMofEnumerateResourcesA
Symbol: msvcrt___p__timezone
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindMessage
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLPostInstallerError
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Key_NameW
Symbol: ipnathlp_ServiceMain
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextMetricsA
Symbol: catsrvut_RegDBBackup
Symbol: WININET_InternetFindNextFileW
Symbol: mscoree_GetXMLObject
Symbol: mapi32_OpenTnefStream
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgNeedModem
Symbol: netapi32_NetpDbgPrint
Symbol: secur32_MakeSignature
Symbol: secur32_SecInitUserModeContext
Symbol: HAL_HalDisplayString
Symbol: kernel32_PrivMoveFileIdentityW
Symbol: kernel32_LockResource
Symbol: localspl_SplAddPrintProcessor
Symbol: msv1_0_MsvSamValidate
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcConnect
Symbol: rasman_RasPortClearStatistics
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Detect_Resource_Conflict_Ex
Symbol: usrv42a_Data_TaskInit
Symbol: usrsdpia_traceDeInit
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplManageUserSettings
Symbol: tcpmonui_LocalConfigurePortUI
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIConvertA
Symbol: nwprovau_LsaApLogonTerminated
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbkalnum
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarMove
Symbol: mscms_ConvertIndexToColorName
Symbol: mscms_ConvertColorNameToIndex
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATPutCatAttrInfo
Symbol: lprhelp_WriteJobData
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetOrder
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumerateSymbolsW64
Symbol: opengl32_glMatrixMode
Symbol: cmutil_CmConvertRelativePathW
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeProperty
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdLock
Symbol: user32_DdeConnectList
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptUnregisterSmartCardStore
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoDelete
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCancelTimer
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecQueryNotifyData
Symbol: gdi32_SaveDC
Symbol: gdi32_GdiSetLastError
Symbol: cryptdll_CDBuildVect
Symbol: MSHTML_CreateHTMLPropertyPage
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsRemove
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidListLong
Symbol: advapi32_RegSetValueW
Symbol: advapi32_FileEncryptionStatusW
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualAlloc
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCP
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumConnectionsWow
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveFromDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: iuctl_UnLoadIUEngine
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceConnect
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarMove
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideComponentFromDescriptorW
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllOpenW
Symbol: hid_HidservInstaller
Symbol: shell32_SHHelpShortcuts_RunDLL
Symbol: dsprop_CheckADsError
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRemoveRegistrations
Symbol: clusapi_OnlineClusterResource
Symbol: loadperf_SetServiceAsTrustedW
Symbol: user32_GetMessageTime
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoCreate
Symbol: esent_JetGetBookmark
Symbol: schannel_SslGetMaximumKeySize
Symbol: lsasrv_DsRolerDcAsDc
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPartialIgnoreClientBufferSize
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCombineW
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMSetRPCRegion
Symbol: psapi_EnumPageFilesW
Symbol: ssdpapi_FindServices
Symbol: HAL_READ_PORT_USHORT
Symbol: advapi32_ReportEventA
Symbol: kernel32_SetUserGeoID
Symbol: kernel32_Module32First
Symbol: kernel32_GetCPInfoExW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupUninstallNewlyCopiedInfs
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenDevRegKey
Symbol: usrv80a_Data_TaskInit
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__pwctype
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeAppProperties
Symbol: utildll_CurrentDateTimeString
Symbol: scarddlg_SCardUIDlgSelectCardA
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLNumParams
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLNativeSql
Symbol: mcdsrv32_MCDEngUninit
Symbol: glmf32_glsSwapBuffers
Symbol: shell32_OpenRegStream
Symbol: dsprop_BringSheetToForeground
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelMapfv
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdFlip
Symbol: user32_ReleaseCapture
Symbol: user32_RegisterMessagePumpHook
Symbol: user32_LoadLocalFonts
Symbol: user32_IsWinEventHookInstalled
Symbol: srrstr_InitializeChangeNotify
Symbol: crypt32_CryptHashPublicKeyInfo
Symbol: winipsec_AddQMPolicy
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLStatisticsA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCmpLe
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRedimVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdSt
Symbol: DMO_CSDecode_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcNextW
Symbol: regapi_RegQueryOEMId
Symbol: wiaservc_ServiceMain
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sslinitW
Symbol: kernel32_ReleaseMutex
Symbol: kernel32_GetTickCount
Symbol: rasman_RasInitialize
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupAcquireSCMLock
Symbol: userenv_GetProfilesDirectoryA
Symbol: scredir_SCardControl
Symbol: sccbase_CPDestroyKey
Symbol: rsaenh_CPSetKeyParam
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceGetInfo
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDllVersion
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryMove
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceOpen
Symbol: ieakeng_SetProxyDlgA
Symbol: shell32_ShellHookProc
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerGetConfigV4
Symbol: user32_GetMenuBarInfo
Symbol: user32_DdeInitializeW
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminGetErrorString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetProcessIsCritical
Symbol: winipsec_MatchTransportFilter
Symbol: gdi32_GdiInitializeLanguagePack
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_pQueryGlyphAttrs
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqEpW
Symbol: ole32_OleUninitialize
Symbol: ole32_OleRegEnumVerbs
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluRemoveCheckpointRegistryA
Symbol: sfc_SfcWLEventLogoff
Symbol: anvioctl_GetVendorID
Symbol: netapi32_NetpCopyFtinfoContext
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetCompositionStringA
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSRegisterSessionNotification
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQueryForestTrustInformation
Symbol: kernel32_CheckNameLegalDOS8Dot3A
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrintProcessorDirectory
Symbol: oleaut32_SysAllocStringByteLen
Symbol: samlib_SamiSetDSRMPasswordOWF
Symbol: usrdtea_DTE_TaskInit
Symbol: tsd32_TrueSpeech_Init
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__pwctype
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryMove
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCopy
Symbol: msi_MsiFormatRecordA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDUpdateTexturePriority
Symbol: ieakeng_IsAnimBitmapFileValidA
Symbol: shell32_SHFormatDrive
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetFocus
Symbol: ksuser_KsCreateClock
Symbol: dsauth_StoreCollectAttributes
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordStringForType
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetOutline
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEnumFontsA
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdDestroyMoComp
Symbol: msimtf_MsimtfIsWindowFiltered
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateJobSet
Symbol: netui1_MNetLocalGroupAddMember
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetTypeInfo
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTree_ExW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPrinterThunk
Symbol: ole32_OleDestroyMenuDescriptor
Symbol: ole32_OleBuildVersion
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperProvDataFromStateData
Symbol: WININET_FtpOpenFileA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCmpNe
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLenBstrB
Symbol: cdm_OpenCDMContextEx
Symbol: ntlanman_IsDfsPathEx
Symbol: query_LocateCatalogs
Symbol: advapi32_LookupSecurityDescriptorPartsW
Symbol: advapi32_CancelOverlappedAccess
Symbol: comctl32_LBItemFromPt
Symbol: kernel32_DosPathToSessionPathW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryInfFileInformationW
Symbol: nview_HKGetActionPropertiesEx
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetThermalSettings
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetPointer
Symbol: synceng_GetFileStamp
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphUpdateRecord
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLNativeSql
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCopy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrBool
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaBoolStr
Symbol: lpk_LpkDllInitialize
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterResourceKey
Symbol: user32_ScrollChildren
Symbol: mprapi_MprSetupIpInIpInterfaceFriendlyNameDelete
Symbol: wsock32_WSAIsBlocking
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryDebugFilterState
Symbol: netui1_MxMapStringsToTStrings
Symbol: DBnetlib_InitSession
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Open_DevNode_Key_Ex
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_ID_ExA
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetCertByURLA
Symbol: anvioctl_GetOglStereoSettings
Symbol: icfgnt5_InetSetAutodialAddress
Symbol: winmm_timeGetDevCaps
Symbol: winmm_auxGetDevCapsA
Symbol: kernel32_MoveFileWithProgressW
Symbol: kernel32_GetEnvironmentStrings
Symbol: rasman_RasEnumConnectionPorts
Symbol: VBAME_ObTextOutBiVBA
Symbol: usrv42a_Data_TaskExit
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrBool
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaBoolStr
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATClose
Symbol: shell32_RealDriveType
Symbol: duser_DUserFindClass
Symbol: opengl32_glDrawArrays
Symbol: msvcrt___pctype_func
Symbol: mprapi_MprSetupIpInIpInterfaceFriendlyNameCreate
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncGetProtoByName
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAppendAsciizToString
Symbol: ntdll_NtAllocateVirtualMemory
Symbol: msdart_FindResourceI
Symbol: rtutils_DeRegisterWaitEventsTimersSelf
Symbol: gdi32_GetGlyphOutline
Symbol: gdi32_GdiProcessSetup
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetDialStateW
Symbol: olecli32_ErrSetBounds
Symbol: MSOERT2_AthwsprintfW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsDirectoryEmptyA
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerTransportDel
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetDragImage
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumerateSymbolsW
Symbol: kernel32_QueueUserAPC
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedExchangeAdd
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__wpgmptr
Symbol: scredir_SCardStatusA
Symbol: rtm_NextMatchInTable
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupStartup
Symbol: perfos_CloseOSObject
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLAllocStmt
Symbol: odbcconf_EnableDebugPrivileges
Symbol: msvcrt40__findfirsti64
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaOnError
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryCopy
Symbol: mscpxl32_SQLDriverToDataSource
Symbol: mscpxl32_SQLDataSourceToDriver
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconEx
Symbol: dssenh_CPSetKeyParam
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionServerEnum
Symbol: msvcrt___p__winminor
Symbol: user32_Win32PoolAllocationStats
Symbol: user32_RegisterRawInputDevices
Symbol: user32_GetProcessDefaultLayout
Symbol: mstlsapi_FindEnterpriseServer
Symbol: activeds_AdsTypeToPropVariant
Symbol: activeds_PropVariantToAdsType
Symbol: ntdll_NtAdjustPrivilegesToken
Symbol: dmserver_ServiceMain
Symbol: rasadhlp_WSNoteSuccessfulHostentLookup
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaClose
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheEntryInfoW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCmpEq
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleUnregisterServer
Symbol: qmgr_BITSServiceMain
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetFTTPath
Symbol: advapi32_RevertToSelf
Symbol: kernel32_SetCommState
Symbol: oleaut32_VarMonthName
Symbol: usrv80a_Data_TaskExit
Symbol: usrsdpia_sdpiTracePrintfError
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeBool
Symbol: tsd32_TrueSpeech_Term
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrinterConnectionW
Symbol: qosname_WSCInstallQOSTemplate
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetStmtAttrW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLNumParams
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaOnError
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryCopy
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_DISPINTERFACE_GetTypeInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrComp
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStopExe
Symbol: msi_MsiGetSummaryInformationA
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportZonesA
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetContexti
Symbol: shell32_ShellExecuteW
Symbol: shell32_DllGetVersion
Symbol: dmutil_LowNtReadFile
Symbol: apcups_UPSCancelWait
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpCheckMsiPackage
Symbol: wmi_WmiDevInstToInstanceNameW
Symbol: crtdll__seterrormode
Symbol: user32_GetAltTabInfoW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyMessageHash
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFlushInstructionCache
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryAtomInAtomTable
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSsDisableAllocate
Symbol: ole32_StringFromCLSID
Symbol: ole32_CLSIDFromString
Symbol: samsrv_SamrChangePasswordUser
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvUninstallNT4Silent
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvInstallW2KDispDrvX
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlUnescapeA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsUNCServerShareW
Symbol: netapi32_NetRemoteTOD
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetItemPropNames
Symbol: HAL_KeGetCurrentIrql
Symbol: kernel32_GetTempPathW
Symbol: localspl_PrintDocumentOnPrintProcessor
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDevsW
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMModuleNext
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetContext
Symbol: slbcsp_CPSetKeyParam
Symbol: perfproc_OpenSysProcessObject
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__wpgmptr
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_DISPINTERFACE_GetTypeInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrComp
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStopExe
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetObject
Symbol: mcd32_MCDProcessBatch2
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIgmpList
Symbol: esent97_JetGetLogInfo
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetStyle
Symbol: dbghelp_lmi
Symbol: corpol_GetUnsignedPermissions
Symbol: opengl32_glDrawPixels
Symbol: atmlib_ATMRemoveFont
Symbol: syssetup_AsrpGetLocalDiskInfo
Symbol: user32_RegisterClassA
Symbol: user32_OemToCharBuffW
Symbol: user32_GetScrollRange
Symbol: user32_DefWindowProcA
Symbol: user32_CharToOemBuffW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetTlsPrivateData
Symbol: wsock32_gethostbyaddr
Symbol: DBnetlib_TermSession
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLProceduresW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Next_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: schannel_FreeCredentialsHandle
Symbol: WININET_InternetInitializeAutoProxyDll
Symbol: URLMON_FindMediaType
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameSignatureVerificationFromImage
Symbol: MSOERT2_CopyRegistry
Symbol: a3d_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imeshare_FUlIMEStyle
Symbol: imm32_ImmIsUIMessageW
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilUnicodeToAnsi
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilAnsiToUnicode
Symbol: winmm_joyGetDevCapsA
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithObjectsAndNameA
Symbol: kernel32_SetErrorMode
Symbol: kernel32_LCMapStringW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetPlatformPathOverrideW
Symbol: usrdtea_DTE_TaskExit
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeRect
Symbol: spoolss_SpoolerHasInitialized
Symbol: rastls_RasEapGetInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetObject
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarZero
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPSetKeyParam
Symbol: duser_PeekMessageExW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetVersion
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIGetViewSignaturesPagesA
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerRestore
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLCloseCursor
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrCreateServerInterfaceFromStub
Symbol: WININET_InternetDial
Symbol: MSOERT2_UnlocStrEqNW
Symbol: ntlanman_NPCloseEnum
Symbol: strmdll_SelectHelper
Symbol: advapi32_CryptVerifySignatureW
Symbol: imagehlp_FindExecutableImageEx
Symbol: kernel32_OpenConsoleW
Symbol: msv1_0_SpInstanceInit
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCommitFileQueue
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbkpunct
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHGetWinsockMapping
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalAlloc16
Symbol: unimdmat_UmSetPassthroughMode
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvCreateLayerContext
Symbol: security_SealMessage
Symbol: rsaenh_CPDestroyHash
Symbol: jet500_JetOpenDatabase
Symbol: glu32_gluBeginPolygon
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterNetworkName
Symbol: user32_RegisterShellHookWindow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryHeapInformation
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecCloseIKENegotiationHandle
Symbol: winipsec_GetMMFilter
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_DevNode_Problem
Symbol: gdi32_BitBlt
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqExW
Symbol: inetcfg_SetShellNext
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCatChainW
Symbol: imm32_ImmIMPQueryIMEA
Symbol: vssapi_SimulateSnapshotFreeze
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetControlDetailsW
Symbol: winmm_mciSendStringA
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpDecodeMsg
Symbol: advapi32_EnumServicesStatusExW
Symbol: rasapi32_DwCloneEntry
Symbol: rasman_RasSetIoCompletionPort
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetDirectoryIdA
Symbol: nview_HKEnumCommands
Symbol: nview_NVIsHookLoaded
Symbol: utildll_InstallModem
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetRoot
Symbol: d3dim_FlushD3DDevices2
Symbol: opengl32_glPushAttrib
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterGroupCloseEnum
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypeProperty
Symbol: audiosrv_ServiceMain
Symbol: msvcrt___p__wenviron
Symbol: user32_EmptyClipboard
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddEncodedCertificateToStore
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Request_Eject_PC_Ex
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Reenumerate_DevNode
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Resource_Conflict_List
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncZero
Symbol: ole32_OleSaveToStream
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCIpAddressW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetComputerNameA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCmpGt
Symbol: winmm_mciDriverYield
Symbol: winsta_WinStationSendMessageW
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectCloseAuditAlarmA
Symbol: advapi32_ElfBackupEventLogFileA
Symbol: kernel32_GetLastError
Symbol: kernel32_CreateMutexW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvIsServiceRunning
Symbol: rasman_RasPppGetInfo
Symbol: samlib_SamiChangePasswordUser2
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetInfFileListW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFreeSourceListA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInterfaceAlias
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Name_ExA
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcsymbol
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetRequest
Symbol: oleacc_GetStateTextW
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbkpunct
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMemNewObj
Symbol: lmrt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ieakeng_GetProxyDlgW
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropShowErrorDialog
Symbol: wmi_WmiQueryAllDataA
Symbol: syssetup_EisaUpHalCoInstaller
Symbol: user32_TabbedTextOutA
Symbol: user32_RegisterServicesProcess
Symbol: user32_LockSetForegroundWindow
Symbol: user32_CallMsgFilterW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteTimer
Symbol: esent_JetDBUtilities
Symbol: msdart_RegEnumValueI
Symbol: expsrv_EbLibraryLoad
Symbol: mscoree_GetCORSystemDirectory
Symbol: netapi32_NetpIsRemote
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCompositionStringW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn2_s
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpCancelMsg
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelOpen
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_EnableScrollBar
Symbol: oleaut32_GetErrorInfo
Symbol: samlib_SamRemoveMemberFromForeignDomain
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallClassW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_MEMFree
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbcjmstojis
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbcjistojms
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbkprint
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserPasswordSet2
Symbol: uxtheme_SetThemeAppProperties
Symbol: unimdmat_UmOpenModem
Symbol: traffic_TcQueryFlowA
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetVolume
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsObjectSecurity
Symbol: msvfw32_MCIWndCreateW
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMemNewObj
Symbol: msi_MsiGetPatchInfoW
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFEnumMembersByCDFTagEx
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDescribeMcdPixelFormat
Symbol: user32_CharLowerBuffW
Symbol: crypt32_CertResyncCertificateChainEngine
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateTimer
Symbol: mf3216_ConvertEmfToWmf
Symbol: catsrvut_FindAssemblyModulesW
Symbol: WININET_FtpGetFileEx
Symbol: olethk32_IUnknownObj32
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryOpen
Symbol: anvcinst_CoInstaller
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHEnumValueA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteKeyW
Symbol: kd1394_KdSave
Symbol: advapi32_GetManagedApplications
Symbol: kernel32_BaseInitAppcompatCache
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterExtraEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetStringFieldW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetLineByIndexW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Disable_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: osuninst_RemoveUninstallImage
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceSetInfo
Symbol: pdh_PdhRemoveCounter
Symbol: npptools_MarshalBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcsymbol
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpNetEntryToStack
Symbol: glu32_gluErrorUnicodeStringEXT
Symbol: faultrep_ReportKernelFaultDWW
Symbol: dssenh_CPDestroyHash
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerSetConfigV4
Symbol: crtdll__iob
Symbol: crtdll__eof
Symbol: user32_ScreenToClient
Symbol: user32_ClientToScreen
Symbol: wsock32_gethostbyname
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpApplyLengthFunction
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnlockBootStatusData
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetSetBootStatusData
Symbol: ntdll_PropertyLengthAsVariant
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetWinsockMapping
Symbol: gdi32_PlgBlt
Symbol: clbcatq_SetSetupSave
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcNetworkInqProtseqsW
Symbol: ole32_CoInitializeWOW
Symbol: URLMON_URLOpenBlockingStreamW
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoPrivacyDlg
Symbol: MSOERT2_CleanupGlobalTempFiles
Symbol: sxs_SxsOleAut32MapReferenceClsidToConfiguredClsid
Symbol: advapi32_CryptDecrypt
Symbol: kernel32_Module32NextW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortBundle
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_Size
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Create_DevNode_ExA
Symbol: unimdmat_UmInitModem
Symbol: synceng_AddAllTwinsToTwinList
Symbol: senscfg_SensRegister
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbcjmstojis
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbcjistojms
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbkprint
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrMove
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumFeaturesA
Symbol: esent97_JetConvertDDL
Symbol: duser_DUserCastClass
Symbol: dssec_DSEditSecurity
Symbol: atmlib_ATMBBoxBaseXYShowTextW
Symbol: user32_HiliteMenuItem
Symbol: zipfldr_RouteTheCall
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyTimeValidity
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarm
Symbol: msgina_WlxNetworkProviderLoad
Symbol: gdi32_GetETM
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidToStringW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPrintObj
Symbol: MSOERT2_GenerateUniqueFileName
Symbol: itss_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: winmm_midiOutMessage
Symbol: HAL_WRITE_PORT_ULONG
Symbol: kernel32_BaseDumpAppcompatCache
Symbol: wow32_WOWFreeMetafile
Symbol: w32topl_ToplSTHeapAdd
Symbol: upnp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: slbcsp_CPDestroyHash
Symbol: routetab_DeleteRoute
Symbol: perfts_CloseTSObject
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRedimPreserveVar2
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrMove
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcKillFiles
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpCDblR4
Symbol: msconf_DllGetVersion
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATAdminEnumCatalogFromHash
Symbol: mapistub_MAPILogonEx
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackConnectionClose
Symbol: glu32_gluNurbsSurface
Symbol: glmf32_glsIsExtensionSupported
Symbol: dsuiext_DsBrowseForContainerW
Symbol: user32_CharUpperBuffW
Symbol: powrprof_LoadCurrentPwrScheme
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetLruEntryData
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigTransportEnum
Symbol: wsock32_getservbyname
Symbol: gdi32_PatBlt
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerCall2
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DtcPerfOpen
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheEntryGroup
Symbol: WININET_GopherGetLocatorTypeW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCmpLt
Symbol: MSOERT2_CchFileTimeToDateTimeW
Symbol: anvioctl_SetOglStereoSettings
Symbol: anvioctl_InitLibrary
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathGetArgsW
Symbol: sxs_SxsOleAut32MapIIDToTLBPath
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamOpen
Symbol: kernel32_Process32Next
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetInfSections
Symbol: msvcrt20___STRINGTOLD
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleNumEntries
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDiagFieldW
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcKillFiles
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpCDblR4
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileWidth
Symbol: msi_MsiUseFeatureExA
Symbol: mscms_UnregisterCMMA
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrClose
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDSetEOFMark
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateDeviceLinkProfile
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPDestroyHash
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetConstubz
Symbol: shell32_SHGetSettings
Symbol: clusapi_RegisterClusterNotify
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterFromNetwork
Symbol: clusapi_CloseCluster
Symbol: mprui_WNetBrowsePrinterDialog
Symbol: crtdll_fabs
Symbol: user32_CreateDesktopW
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationProcess
Symbol: ntdll_NtResumeThread
Symbol: msgina_WlxRemoveStatusMessage
Symbol: clbcatq_SetSetupOpen
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerUseProtseq2A
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_AxUnReg
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCallByName
Symbol: olecli32_ObjQuerySize
Symbol: INETWH32_BrowserNameFromSystem
Symbol: advapi32_CredMarshalCredentialW
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleInputVDMW
Symbol: printui_PnPInterface
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Resource_Conflict_Count
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_ReleaseInterrupt
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetSocketInformation
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeFont
Symbol: sqlwid_GetEnvironmentStrings_
Symbol: netcfgx_UpdateLanaConfigUsingAnswerfile
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileWidth
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdNamedCallSt
Symbol: glmf32_glsWritePrefix
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsReplaceRecordSetUTF8
Symbol: crtdll_ceil
Symbol: user32_SetProcessDefaultLayout
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateJobSet
Symbol: ntdll_RtlComputeCrc32
Symbol: esent_JetTruncateLog
Symbol: msdart_RegOpenKeyExI
Symbol: mswsock_getnetbyname
Symbol: gdi32_EngGetPrinterDataFileName
Symbol: ole32_HBRUSH_UserSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_GROUP_INFO_BUFFER
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeDcPromo
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateSystemHandleName
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertTrustFinalPolicy
Symbol: msv1_0_MsvGetLogonAttemptCount
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromUI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromUI2
Symbol: rasapi32_RasHangUpWow
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Locate_DevNode_ExA
Symbol: slbiop_DllGetVersion
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDescribeParam
Symbol: msvcrt40__getmaxstdio
Symbol: msvcrt40___STRINGTOLD
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdNamedCallSt
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrCopy
Symbol: msvbvm50_VBDllUnRegisterServer
Symbol: mssign32_FreeCryptProvFromCert
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSIssueNewLicenseEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryDebugFilterState
Symbol: netui1_MxUnicodeBufferSizeDBCS
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLParamData
Symbol: samsrv_SamrOpenAlias
Symbol: WININET_InternetShowSecurityInfoByURLA
Symbol: version_VerFindFileW
Symbol: mscoree_GetPermissionRequests
Symbol: ComCSDecoder_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetRegisterWordStyleW
Symbol: query_CIGetGlobalPropertyList
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_page_control
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumeratePrivilegesOfAccount
Symbol: advapi32_LogonUserExW
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetImageInfo
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableLookUpString
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumRoutingMethodsW
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMSetContext
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfindnexti64
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrCopy
Symbol: msvbvm60_VBDllUnRegisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileReset
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpCDblR8
Symbol: mssign32_SignerSignEx
Symbol: msls31_LsdnSkipCurTab
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATAdminAddCatalog
Symbol: lprhelp_GetLongQueue
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetStyle
Symbol: duser_AttachWndProcW
Symbol: faultrep_ReportFaultFromQueue
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadStringW
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsSetSearchPreference
Symbol: wmi_WmiMofEnumerateResourcesW
Symbol: syssetup_SetAccountsDomainSid
Symbol: user32_SetScrollRange
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSLicenseEnumNextEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAllocateVirtualMemory
Symbol: winipsec_GetMMPolicy
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHJoinLeaf
Symbol: msgina_WlxInitialize
Symbol: wdigest_SpInitialize
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaICryptUnprotectData
Symbol: gdi32_LineTo
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextMetricsW
Symbol: catsrv_OpenComponentLibraryTS
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListRolesA
Symbol: URLMON_RevokeFormatEnumerator
Symbol: olecli32_DibChangeData
Symbol: mscoree_RunDll32ShimW
Symbol: mapi32_PRProviderInit
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleGetDatabaseFacts
Symbol: ntshrui_IsPathShared
Symbol: scesrv_ScesrvInitializeServer
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpEncodeMsg
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadIOPendingFlag
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromUI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromUI4
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetStatisticsEx
Symbol: usrvpa_vpGetVariable
Symbol: userenv_FreeGPOListA
Symbol: nview_HKAdd
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysColorBrush
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIConvertW
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileReset
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpCDblR8
Symbol: lpk_LpkTabbedTextOut
Symbol: esent97_JetEndSession
Symbol: quartz_DBToAmpFactor
Symbol: quartz_AmpFactorToDB
Symbol: dnsapi_QueryDirectEx
Symbol: opengl32_glCopyPixels
Symbol: crtdll_feof
Symbol: user32_GetWindowLongA
Symbol: user32_CallNextHookEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAdjustPrivilegesToken
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateMutant
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPrimaryKeys
Symbol: msdart_RegEnumKeyExI
Symbol: msgina_WlxIsLogoffOk
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPartialIgnoreServerInitialize
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareAddA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemNamedCallLd
Symbol: expsrv___vbaExitProc
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyErrVar
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrLPSZToBSTR
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrBSTRToLPSZ
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetFreeFirewallLoggingSettings
Symbol: psapi_GetDeviceDriverBaseNameA
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetImageRect
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromUI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromUI4
Symbol: nvcpl_launchtvapplet
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphFree
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminETCMapAssociate
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupGetPathToSearch
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpSetCredentials
Symbol: esent97_JetStopBackup
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteMClientInfo
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Scale
Symbol: user32_UserRegisterWowHandlers
Symbol: winipsec_SetMMFilter
Symbol: olecli32_ErrQueryOpen
Symbol: olecli32_OleQuerySize
Symbol: anvioctl_GetRevision
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHEnumKeyExA
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupEnum
Symbol: msnsspc_DeleteSecurityContext
Symbol: advapi32_ReportEventW
Symbol: kernel32_GetFirmwareEnvironmentVariableA
Symbol: rasman_RasPppStarted
Symbol: setupapi_IsUserAdmin
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_Empty_Log_Conf
Symbol: nview_NVGetDisplayMonitorInfo
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCountry
Symbol: scarddlg_SCardUIDlgSelectCardW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindExpandedSzProperty
Symbol: psbase_SPGetTypeInfo
Symbol: npptools_SetNetworkInfoInBlob
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtDecFromVar
Symbol: jet500_JetGetTableInfo
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrDeleteProtocol
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerSetDnsRegCredentials
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Scale
Symbol: crtdll_labs
Symbol: crtdll_free
Symbol: pjlmon_InitializePrintMonitor
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSInDomain
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptReleaseLruEntry
Symbol: ntdll_RtlProtectHeap
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindSetBits
Symbol: ntdll_NtUnloadDriver
Symbol: ntdll_NtEnumerateKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtAddBootEntry
Symbol: winipsec_QueryIPSecStatistics
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLStatisticsW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListSitesA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrInterfacePointerFree
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTstGe
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpCreateVbl
Symbol: kernel32_SetLastError
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupHandleFailedVerification
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Disconnect_Machine
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SEMPend
Symbol: userenv_GetProfilesDirectoryW
Symbol: wlnotify_TermsrvCreateTempDir
Symbol: ufat_Chkdsk
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleRevokeAccessRights
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtDecFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSpaceBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_SetMemNewObj
Symbol: ieakeng_SetProxyDlgW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Scale
Symbol: crtdll_log10
Symbol: crtdll_getc
Symbol: winipsec_GetQMPolicy
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetStmtAttr
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapDestroy
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcEpRegisterNoReplaceA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSsDefaultAllocate
Symbol: samsrv_SampInitializeRegistry
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluRemoveCheckpointRegistryW
Symbol: es_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: olecli32_ObjQueryType
Symbol: inetcfg_IsSmartStart
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaTransportEnum
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetCompositionStringW
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSEnumerateSessionsA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptEncrypt
Symbol: kernel32_CheckNameLegalDOS8Dot3W
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromUI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromUI8
Symbol: oleaut32_SetErrorInfo
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Delete_DevNode_Key
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetVolume
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetStatus
Symbol: synceng_IsFolderTwin
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsObjectSecurity
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMonthName
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSpaceBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60_SetMemNewObj
Symbol: msi_MsiFormatRecordW
Symbol: ieakeng_IsAnimBitmapFileValidW
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugStandbyVetoedW
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord1d
Symbol: cfgbkend_IID_ICfgComp
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEnumFontsW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2TransformCoord
Symbol: crtdll_atan
Symbol: msvcrt__wfindfirsti64
Symbol: msvcrt__aligned_offset_realloc
Symbol: user32_GetMenuStringA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptUnregisterOIDInfo
Symbol: wsock32_bind
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAppendStringToString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAccessAllowedAceEx
Symbol: esent_JetRetrieveKey
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_ExA
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_GET_GROUPS_BUFFER
Symbol: advpack_UserUnInstStubWrapper
Symbol: WININET_FtpOpenFileW
Symbol: olecli32_WEP
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98Watermark
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetProxy
Symbol: imagehlp_UpdateDebugInfoFileEx
Symbol: localspl_SplSetPrinterExtraEx
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromUI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromUI8
Symbol: rasman_RasSetCachedCredentials
Symbol: nview_WMClearSetting
Symbol: nvcpl_RestoreCplInfo
Symbol: wlnotify_SCardSuspendCertProp
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetItemCount
Symbol: setupdll_GetPlatform
Symbol: perfdisk_CollectDiskObjectData
Symbol: msvcp50__Nan
Symbol: msvcp50__Inf
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRandomize
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugRemovalVetoedW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetCounter
Symbol: duser_DUserSendEvent
Symbol: opengl32_glPushMatrix
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord2d
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3TransformCoord
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkD3dContextCreate
Symbol: crtdll_rand
Symbol: ntdll__itoa
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_strncmp2
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLMoreResults
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_ID_ExW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiDeleteLocalDC
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPartialIgnoreServerUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMidCharVar
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlIsOpaqueA
Symbol: msvcp60__Nan
Symbol: msvcp60__Inf
Symbol: psapi_GetDeviceDriverFileNameA
Symbol: winmm_auxGetDevCapsW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaNtStatusToWinError
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_HW_Prof_FlagsA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_AcquireInterrupt
Symbol: nvcpl_dtcfg
Symbol: synceng_DestroyFolderTwinList
Symbol: softpub_HTTPSCertificateTrust
Symbol: polstore_IPSecOpenPolicyStore
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDescFieldW
Symbol: netcfgx_LanaCfgFromCommandArgs
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRandomize
Symbol: msls31_LsdnDistribute
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDBlockQuery
Symbol: ftsrch_ScanTopicText
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord1f
Symbol: crtdll_modf
Symbol: crtdll_fmod
Symbol: crtdll_acos
Symbol: user32_MapVirtualKeyA
Symbol: user32_GetDC
Symbol: usbmon_InitializePrintMonitor
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMemAlloc
Symbol: ntdll_SaveEm87Context
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileLength
Symbol: expsrv_EbLoadRunTime
Symbol: wups_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsDirectoryEmptyW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAllocWStrFromWStr
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_RGBToCMap256
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrCreateWait
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromUI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromUI8
Symbol: scredir_SCardStatusW
Symbol: psbase_SPGetProvInfo
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: hlink_HlinkGetSpecialReference
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord2f
Symbol: user32_GetShellWindow
Symbol: user32_DeferWindowPos
Symbol: linkinfo_GetCanonicalPathInfoA
Symbol: powrprof_DebugPrintA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpdateTimer
Symbol: netui0_QueryNocaseCompareParam
Symbol: dnsrslvr_ServiceMain
Symbol: lsasrv_LsapAuOpenSam
Symbol: gdi32_LPtoDP
Symbol: gdi32_DPtoLP
Symbol: gdi32_CreateEllipticRgnIndirect
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmSetClientAllocFree
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTstLe
Symbol: anvioctl_SwitchDOSEx
Symbol: netapi32_NetApiBufferReallocate
Symbol: winsta__WinStationNotifyLogon
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpCreatePdu
Symbol: ir50_qc_CompressQuery
Symbol: msi_MsiGetSummaryInformationW
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportZonesW
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsModifyRecordSet_UTF8
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCMacroSequenceCheck
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetRegionNameA
Symbol: crtdll__local_unwind2
Symbol: crtdll__dup
Symbol: user32_GetProcessWindowStation
Symbol: user32_GetListBoxInfo
Symbol: ntdll__ltoa
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationToken
Symbol: winipsec_EnumTransportFilters
Symbol: w32time_fnW32TmSetServiceStatus
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryType
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlUnescapeW
Symbol: msnsspc_CleanupCredentialCache
Symbol: query_CIRestrictionToFullTree
Symbol: vssapi_UnregisterSnapshotSubscriptions
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_extended_operation
Symbol: advapi32_ElfOpenBackupEventLogA
Symbol: WshRm_WSHSetSocketInformation
Symbol: ntsdexts_threadtoken
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPEtypeSapFilter
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRemoveDir
Symbol: jet500_JetGetQueryParameterInfo
Symbol: shell32_SHPropStgWriteMultiple
Symbol: esent97_JetResetSessionContext
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsDowncaseDnsNameLabel
Symbol: dbghelp_EnumerateLoadedModules
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNetworkControl
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontStatus
Symbol: user32_RegisterClassW
Symbol: user32_DefWindowProcW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseValidate
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_writefmt
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetPageHandle
Symbol: ole32_PropVariantCopy
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaStart
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTstNe
Symbol: winmm_joyGetDevCapsW
Symbol: winsta_WinStationQueryLicense
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithObjectsAndNameW
Symbol: kernel32_UTUnRegister
Symbol: rasman_RasPnPControl
Symbol: upnphost_ServiceMain
Symbol: rasser_PortCompressionSetInfo
Symbol: rasrad_Open
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLBindParameter
Symbol: msvcrt40__setmaxstdio
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRemoveDir
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInStrChar
Symbol: dbghelp_sym
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterNetworkPriorityOrder
Symbol: wuaueng_DSRunStoreAsComServer
Symbol: crtdll_atof
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIGetViewSignaturesPagesW
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindFirstFileForSidA
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateCTLEntryFromCertificateContextProperties
Symbol: msdart_GetVersionExI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Find_Range
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1objectidentifier_cmp
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentExPointWPri
Symbol: w32time_TimeProvClose
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLenCharVar
Symbol: olecli32_GenChangeData
Symbol: anvioctl_DebugOutput
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLAllocStmt
Symbol: secur32_ImportSecurityContextA
Symbol: winmm_waveOutMessage
Symbol: kernel32_DuplicateConsoleHandle
Symbol: rasman_RasGetUnicodeDeviceName
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringFromGuid
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGuidFromString
Symbol: wuauserv_ServiceMain
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetDwordValue
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDataSourceTimeRangeA
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInStrChar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsNumeric
Symbol: msi_MsiViewGetErrorA
Symbol: esent97_JetGetVersion
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventLock
Symbol: crtdll_tanh
Symbol: crtdll_asin
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationProcess
Symbol: ntdll_ZwResumeThread
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDestroyHeap
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetAvailableDrivers
Symbol: winipsec_SetMMPolicy
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_Class_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: samsrv_SamrSetInformationUser
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetDateVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaInStrVar
Symbol: imeshare_IdFundamentalFromIMEColorStyle
Symbol: imm32_ImmIMPQueryIMEW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLNumParams
Symbol: psapi_GetProcessImageFileNameA
Symbol: winmm_mciSendStringW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasUserEnableManualDial
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetDirectoryIdW
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplPCSetupCL
Symbol: storprop_DvdLauncher
Symbol: scredir_SCardLocateCardsByATRA
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsNumeric
Symbol: msi_MsiSetInternalUI
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumTypes
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetStringsFromStringTable
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindFirstMsiPackage
Symbol: msvcrt__seterrormode
Symbol: user32_SetWindowLongA
Symbol: esent_JetStopService
Symbol: mswsock_TransmitFile
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecS8Val
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetComputerNameW
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareDelA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTstEq
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCommandVar
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_Invoke
Symbol: hypertrm_MessageLoop
Symbol: winmm_midiOutLongMsg
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectCloseAuditAlarmW
Symbol: advapi32_ElfBackupEventLogFileW
Symbol: kernel32_QueryActCtxW
Symbol: printui_vQueueCreate
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFreeSourceListW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Name_ExW
Symbol: msctf_TF_RunInputCPL
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumPortsA
Symbol: setupdll_GetNVRAMVar
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpReleaseParameters
Symbol: mscms_InternalGetPS2CSAFromLCS
Symbol: ieakeng_LoadADMFilesA
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetSpecificButtonCaps
Symbol: certcli_CAAccessCheck
Symbol: wmi_WmiQueryAllDataW
Symbol: crtdll_cosh
Symbol: crtdll_atoi
Symbol: user32_TabbedTextOutW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSDepositeServerSPK
Symbol: wsock32_rcmd
Symbol: ntdll__ftol
Symbol: rtutils_TracePrintfA
Symbol: rtutils_TraceDumpExA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsSetClientAllocFree
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleAlgStrengthFromSMimeCap
Symbol: advapi32_GetServiceDisplayNameA
Symbol: kernel32_SetFirmwareEnvironmentVariableA
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleOS2OemFormat
Symbol: traffic_TcQueryFlowW
Symbol: scarddlg_SCardDlgExtendedError
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupPreSelectDriver
Symbol: shell32_SHGetSpecialFolderPathA
Symbol: faultrep_ReportFault
Symbol: adsldpc_FindEntryInSearchTable
Symbol: syssetup_TapePropPageProvider
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSConnectToLsServer
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareCheck
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Register_Device_Interface_ExA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecU8Val
Symbol: samsrv_SamrCreateUser2InDomain
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHEnumValueW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLNativeSql
Symbol: strmdll_NSSecurityLibraryInit
Symbol: advapi32_CredpConvertCredential
Symbol: rasman_RasPortOpenEx
Symbol: rasman_RasPortListen
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiReclaim
Symbol: nview_DMEnumDesktops
Symbol: t2embed_TTEmbedFontEx
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctProviderInterimAccounting
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumProductsA
Symbol: jet500_JetDeleteColumn
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetTcpEntry
Symbol: crtdll_time
Symbol: crtdll_ldiv
Symbol: syssetup_DiskPropPageProvider
Symbol: powrprof_WriteGlobalPwrPolicy
Symbol: crypt32_RegEnumValueU
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateMutant
Symbol: winipsec_SetQMPolicy
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetStmtAttr
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_moretext
Symbol: ws2help_WahRemoveHandleContext
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRetToBufA
Symbol: sxs_SxspRunDllDeleteDirectory
Symbol: srclient_SRSwitchLog
Symbol: srclient_SRRemoveRestorePoint
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamStop
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_DrawIndirect
Symbol: comctl32_GetEffectiveClientRect
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCommandHistoryLengthA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetAutodialAddressA
Symbol: VBAME_PaintLineCoreROClipBiVBA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Create_DevNode_ExW
Symbol: msvcp50__Eps
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMemNewObj
Symbol: mspmsnsv_ServiceMain
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumFeaturesW
Symbol: crtdll_atol
Symbol: user32_RegisterHotKey
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceDelete
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRestoreLastWin32Error
Symbol: ntdll_KiUserCallbackDispatcher
Symbol: mtxoci_ocan
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubLoadSignature
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetProxy
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupAddMember
Symbol: msvcp60__Eps
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpTfxClose
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Open_Class_Key_ExA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintDestGetInfo
Symbol: wowfaxui_DllInitProc
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminConnectionClose
Symbol: scredir_SCardAddReaderToGroupA
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMemNewObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpCSngR4
Symbol: msapsspc_FreeCredentialsHandle
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDecodeWorkSpaceNeeded
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_AddRecordsToMessage
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPRetrieveSubjectGuidForCatalogFile
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceCreate
Symbol: wsock32_send
Symbol: ntdll_ZwUnloadDriver
Symbol: ntdll_ZwEnumerateKey
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAddBootEntry
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFilePixelFormat
Symbol: WININET_FtpPutFileEx
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTstGt
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_HW_Prof_FlagsA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_First_Log_Conf
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_OpenKey
Symbol: msvcrt20_abs
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeleteNextHop
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDataSourceTimeRangeH
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetDescFieldW
Symbol: netshell_HrRunWizard
Symbol: msvfw32_VideoForWindowsVersion
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpCSngR4
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsMissing
Symbol: msi_MsiUseFeatureExW
Symbol: mscms_UnregisterCMMW
Symbol: jet500_JetGetIndexInfo
Symbol: icaapi_IcaChannelOpen
Symbol: esent97_JetSetColumns
Symbol: esent97_JetDupSession
Symbol: d3drm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll_sinh
Symbol: mspmspsv_ServiceMain
Symbol: ntdll_RtlResetRtlTranslations
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualString
Symbol: ntdll_NtStartProfile
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_Info_ExA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Resource_Conflict_Handle
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFlushFragmentedToParent
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetSecret
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFixedArrayBufferSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerUseProtseq2W
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATVerifyMember
Symbol: msvcrt20__jn
Symbol: wiashext_IMCreateCameraItemIDL
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphInit
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsMissing
Symbol: wship6_WSHOpenSocket2
Symbol: hlink_HlinkSetSpecialReference
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAuditLogGetParams
Symbol: crtdll_gets
Symbol: msvcrt__iob
Symbol: msvcrt__eof
Symbol: user32_SetShellWindow
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryMultipleValueKey
Symbol: esent_JetCreateIndex2
Symbol: mswsock_inet_network
Symbol: ole32_CreateILockBytesOnHGlobal
Symbol: ws2help_WahWaitForNotification
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheConfigInfoA
Symbol: SHDOCVW_ImportPrivacySettings
Symbol: msutb_GetPopupTipbar
Symbol: query_LoadTextFilter
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_CopyImageToClipboard
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromStr
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindSectionLine
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Locate_DevNode_ExW
Symbol: wshatm_WSHOpenSocket
Symbol: nview_NVGetIEVersion
Symbol: ufat_Format
Symbol: svcpack_SvcPackCallbackRoutine
Symbol: spoolss_RemoteFindFirstPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilVerifyService
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenPendingRenameList
Symbol: msvcrt40_abs
Symbol: jsproxy_InternetInitializeAutoProxyDll
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetPhysicalDescriptor
Symbol: ftsrch_NewCompressor
Symbol: clusapi_CanResourceBeDependent
Symbol: user32_SetProcessWindowStation
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizDigitalSign
Symbol: crypt32_CertSaveStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnumerateGenericTableWithoutSplayingAvl
Symbol: winscard_SCardIntroduceReaderA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingFree
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonConformantStringBufferSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFixedArrayUnmarshall
Symbol: WININET_InternetShowSecurityInfoByURLW
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandCleanInstallStubs
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintJobContinue
Symbol: nview_NVGetDirectory
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphSetVertexIter
Symbol: usp10_ScriptIsComplex
Symbol: spoolss_UnloadDriver
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrintProcessorW
Symbol: spoolss_vDbgLogError
Symbol: npptools_SetNPPEtypeSapFilter
Symbol: msvcrt40__jn
Symbol: msvcp50__Exp
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRightBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpCSngR8
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_SetRecordDatalength
Symbol: dmutil_IsPersonalSKU
Symbol: user32_TrackPopupMenu
Symbol: user32_GetWindowTextA
Symbol: crypt32_RegOpenKeyExU
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecN8Val
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListRolesW
Symbol: ole32_OleRun
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILEPICT_UserMarshal
Symbol: expsrv___vbaDerefAry1
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateLogFile
Symbol: msvcp60__Exp
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_sA
Symbol: advapi32_FreeInheritedFromArray
Symbol: advapi32_EnumDependentServicesA
Symbol: comctl32_EnumMRUListW
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualQuery
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInfoListExA
Symbol: msvcrt20__sys_errlist
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxChunkSize
Symbol: userenv_FreeGPOListW
Symbol: shsvcs_FUSCompatibilityEntryW
Symbol: rasppp_HelperResetDefaultInterfaceNetEx
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpAcquireParameters
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRightBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpCSngR8
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcPartition
Symbol: msls31_LsSetExpansion
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctProviderInterimAccounting
Symbol: ieakeng_InitializeStartSearchA
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetOptionValuesV5
Symbol: msvcrt_fabs
Symbol: user32_GetWindowLongW
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetCertificateChain
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSimpleChoiceEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonConformantStringUnmarshall
Symbol: mtxoci_ocof
Symbol: ws2help_WahInsertHandleContext
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareAddW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTstLt
Symbol: psapi_GetDeviceDriverBaseNameW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromI1
Symbol: oleaut32_SysStringLen
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallDeviceInterfaces
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetDwordValue
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcPartition
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2ErrVar
Symbol: jet500_JetBeginSession
Symbol: duser_PlayTransition
Symbol: dbghelp_ImageNtHeader
Symbol: dbghelp_DbgHelpCreateUserDumpW
Symbol: syssetup_VolumeClassInstaller
Symbol: msvcrt_ceil
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetTls
Symbol: crypt32_CertOpenStore
Symbol: wsock32_recv
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationToken
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSubAuthorityCountSid
Symbol: samsrv_SampConvertNt4SdToNt5Sd
Symbol: mtxoci_ofen
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSetDateVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemNamedCallSt
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHEnumKeyExW
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_TwainSourceAvailable
Symbol: kernel32_GetFirmwareEnvironmentVariableW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromDate
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamGetFrameClose
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInstallParamsA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TSKTime
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeregisterFromChangeNotification
Symbol: msvcrt40__sys_errlist
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2ErrVar
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetSerialNumberString
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminEstablishDomainRasServer
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSkipFragmented
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListSitesW
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vDdHslVideoMemoryAlloc
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCandidateListCountA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_sA
Symbol: imagehlp_ReBaseImage64
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileAddRef
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplHandleDisplayChange
Symbol: winntbbu_SetInfoText
Symbol: wiashext_GetDeviceFromDeviceId
Symbol: wiashext_GetDeviceIdFromDevice
Symbol: tapi3_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: spoolss_SplIsUpgrade
Symbol: setupdll_SetNVRAMVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarErrI4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4ErrVar
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildADsPathFromParent
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPRemoveProvider
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgClose
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeleteObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDiagField
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_getcolfmt
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecOctetString_FixedSizeEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcEpRegisterNoReplaceW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexArrayMarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcGetBuffer
Symbol: anvosdnt_OglOSDEntry
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_AddRefreshRate
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vDdHslVideoMemoryAlloc
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrToInt64ExA
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSEnumerateSessionsW
Symbol: HAL_KeAcquireQueuedSpinLockRaiseToSynch
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromUI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromDate
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleCacheCreate
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetAvailableProviders
Symbol: odbcconf_UnregW2KXPak
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvGetCapabilities
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarErrI4
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4ErrVar
Symbol: mll_qic_MaxMediaLabel
Symbol: shell32_SHMapIDListToImageListIndexAsync
Symbol: dbghelp_SymFunctionTableAccess
Symbol: crtdll_exit
Symbol: crtdll___threadhandle
Symbol: msvcrt_feof
Symbol: user32_GetMenuStringW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_ExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecS8Val
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeSyncNow
Symbol: URLMON_CopyStgMedium
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrGetAttachIconByFile
Symbol: anvioctl_LCDCTL_GetDisplayMode
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_vlv_controlA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_ext_s
Symbol: advapi32_LsaDeleteTrustedDomain
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromUI2
Symbol: spoolss_MarshallDownStructure
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetProperties
Symbol: npptools_DestroyBlob
Symbol: netshell_HrGetInstanceGuidOfPreNT5NetCardInstance
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIMEStatus
Symbol: mscms_InternalGetPS2PreviewCRD
Symbol: user32_UnhookWinEvent
Symbol: user32_ScrollWindowEx
Symbol: ntdll_floor
Symbol: ntdll__wtoi
Symbol: ntdll__itow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRaiseStatus
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAreAllAccessesGranted
Symbol: netui1_MNetAuditClear
Symbol: msdart_DialogBoxIndirectParamI
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrOleAllocate
Symbol: MSOERT2_fGetBrowserUrlEncoding
Symbol: DMO_CSDecode_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlIsOpaqueW
Symbol: psapi_GetDeviceDriverFileNameW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaCreateTrustedDomain
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumaAvailableMemory
Symbol: avifil32_IID_IGetFrame
Symbol: avifil32_AVIMakeFileFromStreams
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetAutodialAddressA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_HW_Prof_FlagsW
Symbol: userenv_WaitForMachinePolicyForegroundProcessing
Symbol: wshisn_WSHOpenSocket
Symbol: nview_NVTaskSwitcher
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseRoutes
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIMEStatus
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcStringVar
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryLineDup
Symbol: ieakeng_SaveAdmFilesA
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetExtendedAttributes
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetManufacturerString
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetObjectAttributes
Symbol: crtdll_putc
Symbol: msvcrt_labs
Symbol: msvcrt_free
Symbol: user32_MapVirtualKeyW
Symbol: user32_DestroyReasons
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecU8Val
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecCheck
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetTimeVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLateMemCallLdRf
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCreatePhonebookEntry
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupDelMember
Symbol: mstask_GetNetScheduleAccountInformation
Symbol: oakley_IKECloseIKENotifyHandle
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromUI4
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SPrintf
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintDestSetInfo
Symbol: winntbbu_SetProgress
Symbol: sqlunirl_AbortSystemShutdown_
Symbol: spoolss_GetNetworkId
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminStatisticsClear
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiSetAndCommitObject
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcStringVar
Symbol: jet500_JetGotoBookmark
Symbol: admparse_AdmFinishedA
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDETimeSlice
Symbol: msvcrt_log10
Symbol: msvcrt_getc
Symbol: linkinfo_GetCanonicalPathInfoW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtSetCancelTimeout
Symbol: mtxoci_ocom
Symbol: WININET_HttpCheckDavCompliance
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNGetLocaleRegion
Symbol: query_SvcEntry_CiSvc
Symbol: advapi32_TrusteeAccessToObjectA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQueryTrustedDomainInfoByName
Symbol: kernel32_NlsGetCacheUpdateCount
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromDate
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamOpenFromFileA
Symbol: msvcrt20_log
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilEnumResources
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfCounterHA
Symbol: nwprovau_NPCloseEnum
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvIsAccessAudited
Symbol: mchgrcoi_MchgrClassCoInstaller
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAInputStream
Symbol: ieakeng_MigrateToOldFavoritesA
Symbol: msvcrt_atan
Symbol: msvcrt__resetstkoflw
Symbol: user32_SetLastErrorEx
Symbol: ntdll__wtol
Symbol: ntdll__ltow
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySection
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLCreateDataSourceExW
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetStatusChangeA
Symbol: winscard_SCardBeginTransaction
Symbol: rpcrt4_float_from_ndr
Symbol: mtxoci_ocon
Symbol: msdtcuiu_ShutDownUIC
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRedimVar2
Symbol: olesvr32_OleQueryServerVersion
Symbol: query_CollectCIPerformanceData
Symbol: advapi32_ElfOpenBackupEventLogW
Symbol: kernel32_BuildCommDCBA
Symbol: msvcrt20_tan
Symbol: msvcrt20_div
Symbol: msr2c_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupdll_GetHardDriveFreeSpace
Symbol: security_FreeCredentialsHandle
Symbol: odbcconf_IsFileLocked
Symbol: odbcconf_ApplyW2KXPak
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAuditLogSetParams
Symbol: certcli_CACreateNewCA
Symbol: netfxperf_ClosePerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt_rand
Symbol: wsock32_getservbyport
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventStringA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAP_SITE_INFO
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheConfigInfoA
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsAddStdRootForced
Symbol: winsta_WinStationSetPoolCount
Symbol: advapi32_LsaRetrievePrivateData
Symbol: imagehlp_UnmapDebugInformation
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_VPrintf
Symbol: tapi32_lineRemoveFromConference
Symbol: spoolss_ClosePrinter
Symbol: msvcrt40_log
Symbol: dmutil_RgszwFromArgs
Symbol: msvcrt_modf
Symbol: msvcrt_fmod
Symbol: msvcrt_acos
Symbol: msvcrt__inp
Symbol: user32_ShowStartGlass
Symbol: user32_NotifyWinEvent
Symbol: user32_GetQueueStatus
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindFirstFileForSidW
Symbol: netui1_MxAllocUnicode
Symbol: netui0_UserPreferenceQueryBool
Symbol: ODBCCP32_ODBCCPlApplet
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveDriverManager
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDescribeColA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncSimpleChoiceEx
Symbol: mtxoci_olog
Symbol: secur32_ImportSecurityContextW
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetImageBitsPerPixel
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQueryDomainInformationPolicy
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Add
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromUI8
Symbol: msvcrt20_cos
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxMoveFirst
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDataSourceTimeRangeW
Symbol: msvcrt40_tan
Symbol: msvcrt40_div
Symbol: msi_MsiViewGetErrorW
Symbol: mapistub_GetTnefStreamCodepage
Symbol: ieakeng_BToolbar_Edit
Symbol: duser_DUserPostEvent
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsReleaseContextHandle
Symbol: adsldpc_IsGCNamespace
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDERcvPacket
Symbol: user32_SetWindowTextA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwStartProfile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeHandleTable
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_Class_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQueryForestTrustInformation
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetBatchLimit
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsClientMakeSpnForTargetServerA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrVaryingArrayMarshall
Symbol: samsrv_SamrOpenGroup
Symbol: psapi_GetProcessImageFileNameW
Symbol: kernel32_GetCompressedFileSizeA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateProcessInternalA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_Range
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SEMPost
Symbol: msvcrt20__yn
Symbol: spoolss_AbortPrinter
Symbol: scredir_SCardLocateCardsByATRW
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetEntityInfo
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsEntryObjectInqDone
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupSendData
Symbol: pdh_PdhTranslateLocaleCounterA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDriverConnect
Symbol: odbcconf_LookupAppFriendlyName
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR4ErrVar
Symbol: dbghelp_MiniDumpReadDumpStream
Symbol: d3dpmesh_CreateD3DRMPMeshVisual
Symbol: msvcrt__local_unwind2
Symbol: msvcrt__dup
Symbol: user32_SetWindowLongW
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewContext
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryMultipleValueKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetEventBoostPriority
Symbol: winscard_SCardReleaseAllEvents
Symbol: gdi32_GetDIBColorTable
Symbol: gdi32_EngDeleteSurface
Symbol: ole32_WdtpInterfacePointer_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareDelW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetSetting
Symbol: lz32_LZClose
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetRecordInfo
Symbol: samlib_SamGetCompatibilityMode
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TSKExit
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumPortsW
Symbol: spoolss_SpoolerFindNextPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLFreeHandle
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpDelPersistentRequestParams
Symbol: msvcrt40_cos
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR4ErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdiv_m32i
Symbol: ieakeng_LoadADMFilesW
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1dv
Symbol: dx7vb_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: syssetup_RepairStartMenuItems
Symbol: powrprof_IsPwrShutdownAllowed
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptSetTls
Symbol: activeds_PropVariantToAdsType2
Symbol: activeds_AdsTypeToPropVariant2
Symbol: esent_JetGetAttachInfoInstance
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDescField
Symbol: SQLSRV32_WizIntSecurityDlgProc
Symbol: rtutils_TracePutsExA
Symbol: rtutils_TracePrintfW
Symbol: rtutils_TraceDumpExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncOctetString_FixedSizeEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSendReceive
Symbol: MSOERT2_ReplaceCharsW
Symbol: imeshare_FSupportSty
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQuerySingleInstanceMultipleA
Symbol: advapi32_GetServiceDisplayNameW
Symbol: kernel32_SetFirmwareEnvironmentVariableW
Symbol: printui_UnregisterPrintNotify
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDeviceInstallParamsA
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdiv_m32i
Symbol: msrating_RatingCheckUserAccess
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserDel
Symbol: msvcrt40__yn
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdiv_m32i
Symbol: mll_mtf_MaxMediaLabel
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetNumberOfInterfaces
Symbol: shell32_SHGetSpecialFolderPathW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumMScopeClients
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2dv
Symbol: dx8vb_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Cross
Symbol: msvcrt_atof
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetEnhancedKeyUsage
Symbol: ntdll_CsrAllocateCaptureBuffer
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessEnum
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Register_Device_Interface_ExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedIntx
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDIBSection
Symbol: gdi32_CloseEnhMetaFile
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsClusterPresent
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRandomNext
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameSignatureVerification
Symbol: MSOERT2_PSTFreeHandle
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumeratePrivileges
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromI1
Symbol: setupdll_ShutdownRemoteSystem
Symbol: setupdll_IsUniprocessorSystem
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmBapCallbackResult
Symbol: odbcconf_UnregisterApplication
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdiv_m16i
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipSetOption
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumProductsW
Symbol: jet500_JetOpenQueryDef
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3dv
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1fv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMXYShowText
Symbol: atkctrs_OpenAtkPerformanceData
Symbol: admparse_CreateAdmUiA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Cross
Symbol: msvcrt_tanh
Symbol: msvcrt_asin
Symbol: cscdll_CSCMergeShareA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCaptureStackBackTrace
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_setcolfmt
Symbol: rtutils_RouterGetErrorStringA
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetCharsetInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRetToBufW
Symbol: sxs_SxsRunDllInstallAssemblyW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCommandHistoryLengthW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumResourceLanguagesA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromBool
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetAutodialAddressW
Symbol: msvcrt20_sin
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdiv_m16i
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintDestControl
Symbol: traffic_TcAddClassMap
Symbol: t2embed_TTRunValidationTestsEx
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLFreeHandle
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdiv_m32i
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdiv_m16i
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipSetOption
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8ErrVar
Symbol: keymgr_PRShowRestoreWizardExW
Symbol: ieakeng_SetOrClearVersionInfoA
Symbol: netplwiz_PassportWizardRunDll
Symbol: hid_HidP_InitializeReportForID
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateShellFolderView
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetFileLineOffsets64
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4dv
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2fv
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdEndMoCompFrame
Symbol: crtdll__basemajor_dll
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpperString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnumerateGenericTable
Symbol: msdart_MPDeleteCriticalSection
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Parent
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncCheck
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCurrentDir
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_GetHardwareInfo
Symbol: anvioctl_LCDCTL_SetDisplayMode
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsFixLocalVolume
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxDisconnect
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn_sA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaLookupPrivilegeName
Symbol: advapi32_CredpConvertTargetInfo
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromDate
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindNextKeyLine
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEntryDialParamsA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Open_Class_Key_ExW
Symbol: scredir_SCardAddReaderToGroupW
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvCancelOperation
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8ErrVar
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalGetIpNetTable
Symbol: iernonce_InitCallback
Symbol: icaapi_IcaCdIoControl
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3fv
Symbol: adsldpc_ReallocADsMem
Symbol: msvcrt_cosh
Symbol: msvcrt_atoi
Symbol: msvcrt___p__mbcasemap
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLNumParams
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_writefmtA
Symbol: schannel_SslGenerateRandomBits
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaAddA
Symbol: ole32_EnableHookObject
Symbol: samsrv_SamrCreateAliasInDomain
Symbol: olesvr32_WEP
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleServerSaveStateForUpgrade
Symbol: hnetcfg_WinBomConfigureHomeNet
Symbol: advapi32_RegDeleteKeyA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromBool
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_HW_Prof_FlagsW
Symbol: nview_NVQuickWindows
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnableRoutingMethodA
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetDbgFlags
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLBrowseConnect
Symbol: npptools_IsRemoteNPP
Symbol: msvcrt40_sin
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdiv_m16i
Symbol: ieakeng_SelectADMItem
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4fv
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1iv
Symbol: wmasf_ASFAddSendDelta
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsSetObjectAttributes
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeleteObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Next_Range
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_Info_ExW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Log_Conf_Handle
Symbol: gdi32_EngDeletePalette
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSetTimeVar
Symbol: asustips_SetHintSize
Symbol: mstask_SetNetScheduleAccountInformation
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Set16ColorPaletteMode
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_s
Symbol: advapi32_RegCreateKeyA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromDisp
Symbol: samlib_SamDeleteAlias
Symbol: msvcrt20_exp
Symbol: wiashext_MakeFullPidlForDevice
Symbol: spoolss_RouterFindFirstPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltInqNextA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecDeleteNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecDeleteISAKMPData
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackUnlock
Symbol: dbghelp_WinDbgExtensionDllInit
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2iv
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2d
Symbol: msvcrt_time
Symbol: msvcrt_ldiv
Symbol: user32_SetSystemTimer
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddCertificateContextToStore
Symbol: gdi32_EngCreatePalette
Symbol: ole32_CoGetInstanceFromIStorage
Symbol: mtxoci_oexn
Symbol: wintrust_TrustDecode
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheConfigInfoW
Symbol: anvioctl_ASHELL_SetPaletteInfo
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_WriteMemoryImageFile
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_sort_control
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemDefaultLangID
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromDisp
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtEntryInqIfIdsA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecDeleteFilterData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCreateNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCreateISAKMPData
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetPosition
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetOptionValuesV5DS
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3iv
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3d
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneIntersectLine
Symbol: crtdll_sqrt
Symbol: crtdll__get_osfhandle
Symbol: msvcrt_atol
Symbol: cscdll_LogoffHappened
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRemoveVectoredExceptionHandler
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeAtomPackage
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAreAnyAccessesGranted
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetInstalledDrivers
Symbol: winscard_SCardIntroduceReaderW
Symbol: gdi32_DeleteColorSpace
Symbol: gdi32_CopyEnhMetaFileA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarFromVar
Symbol: MSHTML_MatchExactGetIDsOfNames
Symbol: imeshare_FSpecialIMEColorStyle
Symbol: winmm_waveOutRestart
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_sA
Symbol: HAL_HalReadDmaCounter
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvDeviceCapabilities
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMBreakThread
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceRemove
Symbol: rtm_RtmReadAddressFamilyConfig
Symbol: rpcns4_I_GetDefaultEntrySyntax
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCreateFilterData
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetCursorName
Symbol: msvcrt40_exp
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNameFile
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseMergeA
Symbol: opengl32_wglDescribePixelFormat
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4iv
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4d
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2f
Symbol: cnetcfg_InetNeedModem
Symbol: clusapi_RemoveClusterResourceDependency
Symbol: cic_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: user32_GetWindowTextW
Symbol: ntdll_LdrInitShimEngineDynamic
Symbol: msdart_DlgDirSelectComboBoxExI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecZeroCharString
Symbol: mtxoci_orol
Symbol: URLMON_URLDownloadToCacheFileA
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapsToDlg
Symbol: kdcom_KdReceivePacket
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRetToStrA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ReadEmbeddedImageFile
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_abandon_page
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_sW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_st
Symbol: advapi32_EnumDependentServicesW
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrNotifyWait
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalReAlloc
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromDisp
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInfoListExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Status
Symbol: spoolss_FlushPrinter
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLFreeHandle
Symbol: ntsdexts_dp
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNameFile
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdivr_m32
Symbol: iprop_StgOpenPropStg
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrSetInfoBlockInGlobalInfo
Symbol: inseng_CheckForVersionConflict
Symbol: ieakeng_InitializeStartSearchW
Symbol: glu32_gluTessProperty
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsModifyRecordsInSet_A
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3f
Symbol: crtdll_puts
Symbol: msvcrt_sinh
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAnsiCharToUnicodeChar
Symbol: netui1_MxFreeSaveargs
Symbol: gdi32_CreateHatchBrush
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStructFree
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRetToBSTR
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdivr_m32
Symbol: wow32_W32Init
Symbol: uniplat_DestroyOverStructPool
Symbol: setupdll_GetFileLastAccessTime
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmSendInterfaceInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdivr_m32
Symbol: wship6_WSHGetSocketInformation
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4f
Symbol: msvcrt_gets
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySection
Symbol: gdi32_GdiSetBatchLimit
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingCopy
Symbol: ole32_OleDuplicateData
Symbol: sfc_os_SfcGetNextProtectedFile
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleOpenFileStream
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIGetAddress
Symbol: ComCSDecoder_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathParseIconLocationA
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonMixedDomain
Symbol: secur32_CredUnmarshalTargetInfo
Symbol: lame_enc_beInitStream
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasCreateLogInstance
Symbol: advapi32_ReadEventLogA
Symbol: imagehlp_UnMapAndLoad
Symbol: kernel32_TzSpecificLocalTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: kernel32_SystemTimeToTzSpecificLocalTime
Symbol: samlib_SamSetInformationDomain
Symbol: samlib_SamCloseHandle
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInstallParamsW
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomCrackData
Symbol: setupdll_CheckPathFullPathSpec
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetPrivatePropertyList
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLGetDescRec
Symbol: odbcconf_RegKeyBackup
Symbol: odbcconf_BackupRegKey
Symbol: ntmarta_AccGetAccessForTrustee
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnetClients
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2i
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapValueFree
Symbol: apphelp_SdbDeletePermLayerKeys
Symbol: syssetup_SetupExtendPartition
Symbol: user32_RegisterClipboardFormatA
Symbol: crypt32_OpenCertPerformanceData
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMultiAppendUnicodeStringBuffer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteCriticalSection
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplImportDirUnlock
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedIntx
Symbol: lsasrv_LsapDsInitializePromoteInterface
Symbol: gdi32_SetDIBColorTable
Symbol: gdi32_GdiDllInitialize
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrByteCountPointerFree
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFEnumMembersByCDFTag
Symbol: expsrv_rtcEnvironVar
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryCreateFromClip
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCandidateListCountW
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxInitialize
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_sW
Symbol: advapi32_InitializeAcl
Symbol: advapi32_GetEventLogInformation
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArraySetRecordInfo
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetBroadcastSockaddr
Symbol: winfax_FaxAccessCheck
Symbol: utildll_NetBIOSDeviceEnumerate
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceSetupA
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdivr_m32
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpResumeSound
Symbol: hlink_HlinkQueryCreateFromData
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3i
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEXmtPacket
Symbol: user32_GetWindowModuleFileNameA
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSShutdown
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetDescField
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetLocalBrush
Symbol: catsrvut_EntryPointDllRegSvrW
Symbol: olecli32_CheckNetDrive
Symbol: SHDOCVW_SHAddSubscribeFavorite
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrToInt64ExW
Symbol: advapi32_WmiGetFirstTraceOffset
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromDisp
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Child
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_WaitNoPendingInstallEvents
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringOut
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetCallData
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetFirstRoute
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetEnumRoutes
Symbol: odbccr32_ReleaseCLStmtResources
Symbol: ntsdexts_dt
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATEnumerateMember
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetValueCaps
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderLayerf
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetLastUpdateTime
Symbol: dmutil_CoDisableDynamicVolumes
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4i
Symbol: adptif_FwGetStaticNetbiosNames
Symbol: syssetup_DevInstallW
Symbol: crypt32_CertSetEnhancedKeyUsage
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceTransportRemove
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_TRUST_INFORMATION
Symbol: gdi32_UpdateICMRegKeyA
Symbol: gdi32_GetGlyphIndicesA
Symbol: ole32_StgCreateDocfile
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGetOwner3
Symbol: inetcfg_InetNeedModem
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareCheck
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpTfxQuery
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_vlv_controlW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaRemoveAccountRights
Symbol: advapi32_DeleteService
Symbol: comdlg32_GetFileTitleA
Symbol: kernel32_PeekNamedPipe
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalCompact
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromBool
Symbol: rasctrs_OpenRasPerformanceData
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumMachinesHA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColAttributes
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLGetDescRec
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListCreate
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdivr_m64
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpInputStream
Symbol: jet500_JetResetCounter
Symbol: FM20_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: gcdef_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: aaaamon_InitHelperDll
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpCheckInstallShieldPackage
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetEventBoostPriority
Symbol: rasadhlp_WSAttemptAutodialAddr
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcStringFreeA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleTypeUnmarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleStructMarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNsGetBuffer
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFixedArrayMemorySize
Symbol: ole32_HGLOBAL_UserFree
Symbol: mtxoci_oopt
Symbol: ws2help_WahCloseNotificationHandleHelper
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGetOwner4
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetMsgParam
Symbol: winmm_mciGetDeviceIDA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateFiberEx
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetAutodialAddressW
Symbol: msvcrt20_pow
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdivr_m64
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUseEnum
Symbol: odbcjt32_LoadByOrdinal
Symbol: ocmanage_OcInitialize
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpDeRegisterOptions
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdivr_m64
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFileSeek
Symbol: iphlpapi_AddIPAddress
Symbol: ieakeng_SaveAdmFilesW
Symbol: shell32_SHUpdateImageA
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateProfileManager
Symbol: d3drm_Direct3DRMCreate
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord1sv
Symbol: ipv6mon_InitHelperDll
Symbol: acledit_EditAuditInfo
Symbol: crtdll__baseminor_dll
Symbol: ntdll_qsort
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Data_Ex
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcEpRegisterA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpGetProcFormatString
Symbol: advpack_OpenINFEngine
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleClearDirtyTree
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrIndexOfWeek
Symbol: sxs_SxsLookupClrGuid
Symbol: url_OpenURL
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetEntryDialParamsA
Symbol: tapi32_lineDevSpecific
Symbol: spoolss_OpenPrinterW
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminStatisticsGetEx
Symbol: p2psvc_SVCServiceMain
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbGetDoubleCounterValue
Symbol: odbccu32_ReleaseCLStmtResources
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFileSeek
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFileLock
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseGetPrimaryKeysA
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSInputStream
Symbol: netplwiz_UsersRunDll
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderLayeri
Symbol: shell32_SHInvokePrinterCommandA
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord2sv
Symbol: admparse_AdmFinishedW
Symbol: user32_DdeUnaccessData
Symbol: gdi32_EngGetDriverName
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaDelA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonConformantStringMemorySize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcProxyNewConnection
Symbol: ole32_CoCreateInstance
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1ErrVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaObjAddref
Symbol: ssdpapi_DeregisterNotification
Symbol: HAL_HalAcquireDisplayOwnership
Symbol: advapi32_TrusteeAccessToObjectW
Symbol: comdlg32_PageSetupDlgA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromI1
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamOpenFromFileW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEditPhonebookEntryA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDriverInstallParamsA
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMSetDbgFlags
Symbol: scredir_SCardListReaderGroupsA
Symbol: sccbase_CPGetKeyParam
Symbol: polstore_IPSecDeletePolicyData
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfCounterHW
Symbol: npptools_GetMacAddressFromBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40_pow
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdivr_m64
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFileLock
Symbol: ieakeng_MigrateToOldFavoritesW
Symbol: ieakeng_GenerateNewVersionStrA
Symbol: duser_IsGadgetParentChainStyle
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord3sv
Symbol: msvcrt_exit
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdivr_m32i
Symbol: msvcrt___threadhandle
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetPathType
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetStatusChangeW
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandExternal
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetGuideLineA
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarmA
Symbol: kernel32_IsValidLocale
Symbol: kernel32_CreateActCtxA
Symbol: kernel32_BuildCommDCBW
Symbol: oleaut32_GetRecordInfoFromGuids
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromDisp
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetDevCapsA
Symbol: spoolss_WritePrinter
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCreatePolicyData
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColAttributeW
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLExecDirect
Symbol: netman_HrPnpInstanceIdFromGuid
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseApplyTransformA
Symbol: iprtrmgr_MapInterfaceToAdapter
Symbol: icm32_CMConvertIndexToColorName
Symbol: icm32_CMConvertColorNameToIndex
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoord4sv
Symbol: clusapi_AddClusterResourceNode
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumCertTypesForCAEx
Symbol: aclui_IID_ISecurityInformation
Symbol: tcpmon_InitializePrintMonitor2
Symbol: activeds_ADsGetObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddressInSectionTable
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirUnlock
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLAllocConnect
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventStringW
Symbol: gdi32_AddFontResourceA
Symbol: ole32_IsValidInterface
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheConfigInfoW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeGetAddressFormatW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpCleanFtinfoContext
Symbol: netapi32_NetUnregisterDomainNameChangeNotification
Symbol: advapi32_WmiFreeBuffer
Symbol: advapi32_SetEntriesInAuditListA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaGetQuotasForAccount
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessAffinityMask
Symbol: rasapi32_RasQuerySharedAutoDial
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEapUserIdentityA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasClearLinkStatistics
Symbol: rasman_RasEnableIpSec
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__daylight
Symbol: userenv_GetDefaultUserProfileDirectoryA
Symbol: sbe_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetPageData
Symbol: ir50_32_AboutDialogProc
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCallInfo
Symbol: odbcconf_AddInfToList
Symbol: msvfw32_GetSaveFileNamePreviewA
Symbol: mspatcha_TestApplyPatchToFileA
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpSetPosition
Symbol: ir32_32_AboutDialogProc
Symbol: iaspolcy_IASAttributeAnsiAlloc
Symbol: shell32_Win32DeleteFile
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetIpAddressInfoList
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNetInterface
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsFreeColumn
Symbol: crtdll_atan2
Symbol: msvcrt_putc
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdivr_m16i
Symbol: netui1_MNetUseGetInfo
Symbol: netui1_MNetSessionDel
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDescribeColW
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterEnumA
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhWriteDatagramSocket
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditLogonUsingExplicitCreds
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidthInfo
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackNamesA
Symbol: ole32_OleGetIconOfFile
Symbol: expsrv_rtcStringBstr
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_GetCRTParameter
Symbol: atl_AtlCreateTargetDC
Symbol: advapi32_AddAuditAccessObjectAce
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_DeletePtr
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromI4
Symbol: samlib_SamiChangeKeys
Symbol: scredir_SCardConnectA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetCursorName
Symbol: loghours_LogonScheduleDialogEx
Symbol: loghours_DirSyncScheduleDialog
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpQueryStream
Symbol: opengl32_wglRealizeLayerPalette
Symbol: clusapi_RestoreClusterDatabase
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixfDeterminant
Symbol: iuengine_ShutdownGlobalThreads
Symbol: user32_SetWindowTextW
Symbol: rasadhlp_WSAttemptAutodialName
Symbol: winscard_SCardEstablishContext
Symbol: gdi32_GetROP2
Symbol: gdi32_GdiIsMetaPrintDC
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsClientMakeSpnForTargetServerW
Symbol: ole32_CoGetClassObject
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCreateStreamOnFileEx
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationEnumerateA
Symbol: winmm_midiInAddBuffer
Symbol: advapi32_RegUnLoadKeyA
Symbol: kernel32_GetCompressedFileSizeW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateProcessInternalW
Symbol: rasman_RasPppCallback
Symbol: tapi32_phoneNegotiateAPIVersion
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateEnumerationHandle
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbCreateCounterPathList
Symbol: pdh_PdhTranslateLocaleCounterW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLExecDirect
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__daylight
Symbol: mcd32_MCDGetDriverInfo
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDeleteContext
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFileInfoA
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2s
Symbol: wmasf_ASFAddPresDelta
Symbol: apphelp_ShimDumpCache
Symbol: srrstr_ResumeRestore
Symbol: rpcrt4_short_from_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpCreateStub
Symbol: WININET_HttpAddRequestHeadersA
Symbol: anvioctl_GetFrameBase
Symbol: kernel32_DebugActiveProcessStop
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromDisp
Symbol: tsd32_TrueSpeech_Decod
Symbol: pid_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvfw32_GetOpenFileNamePreviewA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDCreateContext
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDecodeCreate
Symbol: wship6_WSHSetSocketInformation
Symbol: iprtrmgr_StartRouter
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3s
Symbol: adptif_FwGetInterface
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetIntendedKeyUsage
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatEnumA
Symbol: rtutils_TracePutsExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroCharString
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecS32Val
Symbol: wdigest_CredentialUpdateNotify
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPointerFree
Symbol: expsrv_rtcStrReverse
Symbol: AllNode_DES_encstring
Symbol: winsta_WinStationCheckLoopBack
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQuerySingleInstanceMultipleW
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextFileA
Symbol: rasman_RasGetNdiswanDriverCaps
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDeviceInstallParamsW
Symbol: nvcpl_ExportNvWsApps
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetDescRec
Symbol: jet500_JetComputeStats
Symbol: shell32_SHFlushSFCache
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveOptionValue
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4s
Symbol: crtdll__dup2
Symbol: user32_ChangeDisplaySettingsExA
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminSendUserMessage
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryInformationActiveActivationContext
Symbol: ntdll_DbgQueryDebugFilterState
Symbol: netui1_MxJoinSaveargs
Symbol: msdart_GetEnvironmentVariableI
Symbol: gdi32_GetKerningPairsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUnregisterIfEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRSContextUnmarshallEx
Symbol: ole32_GetHookInterface
Symbol: catsrvut_RunMTSToCom
Symbol: expsrv_rtcStrFromVar
Symbol: lz32_LZStart
Symbol: advapi32_WmiCloseBlock
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommConfig
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromI8
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamRead
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFileCompressionInfoExA
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomRemoveRatingHelper
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsEntryObjectInqNext
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiEventSourceConnect
Symbol: ncxpnt_EnumMatchingNetBindings
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpUndoRequestParams
Symbol: icaapi_IcaSystemTrace
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIModifyRdn
Symbol: admparse_CreateAdmUiW
Symbol: cscdll_CSCMergeShareW
Symbol: ntdll_LdrGetDllHandle
Symbol: rtutils_RouterGetErrorStringW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecU32Val
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecS16Val
Symbol: gdi32_SelectBrushLocal
Symbol: gdi32_EngUnlockSurface
Symbol: msjter40_JetErrFormattedMessage
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateSecurity
Symbol: imm32_ImmConfigureIMEA
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminPortDisconnect
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidRangeLong
Symbol: HAL_KeReleaseSpinLock
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadSelectorEntry
Symbol: kernel32_EnumResourceLanguagesW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateIoCompletionPort
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupCaptureAndConvertAnsiArg
Symbol: msvcrt20___p___initenv
Symbol: ir50_32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: softpub_OfficeInitializePolicy
Symbol: rsaenh_CPGetHashParam
Symbol: nwprovau_NwQueryInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFileOpen
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaDerefAry
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeVarg
Symbol: jet500_JetGotoPosition
Symbol: iphlpapi_IcmpSendEcho
Symbol: ieakeng_SetOrClearVersionInfoW
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugSafeRemovalNotificationW
Symbol: dsuiext_DsGetFriendlyClassName
Symbol: adptif_FwSetStaticNetbiosNames
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizCertRequest
Symbol: ntdll_LdrQueryImageFileExecutionOptions
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_strnicmp
Symbol: esent_JetOpenDatabase
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamClose
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverClose
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1objectidentifier2_cmp
Symbol: clbcatq_OpenComponentLibraryEx
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATPersistStore
Symbol: expsrv_rtcStrConvVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGetFxStr3
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetCertsFromThumbprints
Symbol: NCTAudioFile2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: atl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn_sW
Symbol: HAL_KfReleaseSpinLock
Symbol: advapi32_CryptHashData
Symbol: advapi32_CreatePrivateObjectSecurityWithMultipleInheritance
Symbol: kernel32_FatalAppExitA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEntryDialParamsW
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__amblksiz
Symbol: uniplat_CallBeginning
Symbol: synceng_SaveBriefcase
Symbol: raschap_RasEapGetInfo
Symbol: polstore_IPSecReallocatePolMem
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetDescRec
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFileOpen
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaDerefAry
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeVarg
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateProfileW
Symbol: glmf32_glsBeginCapture
Symbol: ftsrch_DeleteSearcher
Symbol: cmdial32_RasCustomDial
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIGetColumn
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerShiftLeft
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_writefmtW
Symbol: rtutils_RouterAssert
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecU16Val
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaAddW
Symbol: ole32_HBITMAP_UserFree
Symbol: WININET_ParseX509EncodedCertificateForListBoxEntry
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdivr_m32i
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInputCount
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGetFxStr4
Symbol: olecli32_DibEnumFormat
Symbol: MSOERT2_PVGetMsgParam
Symbol: MSOERT2_CleanupFileNameInPlaceA
Symbol: netapi32_NetAuditClear
Symbol: winmm_mciSendCommandA
Symbol: advapi32_RegEnumValueA
Symbol: advapi32_RegDeleteKeyW
Symbol: advapi32_ControlTraceA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrLockThreadByClientId
Symbol: oleaut32_OleCreatePropertyFrame
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnableRoutingMethodW
Symbol: msvcrt40___p___initenv
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_AddRef
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIReadMail
Symbol: icm32_CMIsProfileValid
Symbol: glmf32_glsIsUTF8String
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetHeaderubz
Symbol: shell32_FindExeDlgProc
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumFirstCA
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizQueryCertRequestNoDS
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertBitmap
Symbol: ole32_CoTaskMemRealloc
Symbol: samsrv_SampNetLogonNotificationRequired
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetResourceGroupMembershipsTransitive
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_CanDisableTVOut
Symbol: atl_AtlIPersistStreamInit_Load
Symbol: imm32_ImmLockClientImc
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasUpdateValidFormat
Symbol: advapi32_RegCreateKeyW
Symbol: advapi32_InitializeSid
Symbol: kernel32_OpenProfileUserMapping
Symbol: sisbkup_SisFreeAllocatedMemory
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltInqNextW
Symbol: rasmans__RasmanEngine
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvSetAccessRights
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__amblksiz
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_AddRef
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCmpGe
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATStoreFromHandle
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATHandleFromStore
Symbol: ipxrtmgr_StartRouter
Symbol: glu32_gluNurbsCallback
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpCreateClientInfoV4
Symbol: dciman32_WinWatchClose
Symbol: opengl32_glLightModelf
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetValues
Symbol: cscdll_CSCSetMaxSpace
Symbol: netui1_MNetAuditWrite
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDataSourcesA
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_vGetInfo
Symbol: gdi32_EnumICMProfilesA
Symbol: gdi32_CreateSolidBrush
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtWaitServerListen
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdivr_m16i
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameGetPublicKey
Symbol: MSOERT2_CryptFreeFunc
Symbol: icwphbk_PhoneBookLoad
Symbol: els_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageRvaToVa
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromR4
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizGetUserInputConnectionName
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDriverInstallParamsA
Symbol: synceng_OpenBriefcase
Symbol: sccbase_CPSetKeyParam
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtEntryInqIfIdsW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetSzProperty
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListCreate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCmpGe
Symbol: shell32_DAD_AutoScroll
Symbol: shell32_SignalFileOpen
Symbol: esent97_JetDeleteTable
Symbol: dssenh_CPGetHashParam
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetMoCompGuids
Symbol: crtdll__aexit_rtn_dll
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncRemoveZeroBits
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecFlush
Symbol: gdi32_CopyEnhMetaFileW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpGetTypeFormatString
Symbol: olecli32_ErrObjectLong
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bD3dHslSetDriverCallsEx
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_sW
Symbol: advapi32_RegSaveKeyExA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSidToSidA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSidToStringSidA
Symbol: comctl32_CreateToolbar
Symbol: kernel32_ReleaseActCtx
Symbol: kernel32_AttachConsole
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Depth
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceConnect
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenPackageExA
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseMergeW
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrDeleteInterface
Symbol: esent97_JetCreateTable
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMColorGetRed
Symbol: adsldpc_ReallocADsStr
Symbol: adptif_FwUpdateConfig
Symbol: danim_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll_NlsAnsiCodePage
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Test_Range_Available
Symbol: gdi32_GetStringBitmapA
Symbol: gdi32_GetEUDCTimeStamp
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransConnectionReallocPacket
Symbol: URLMON_URLDownloadToCacheFileW
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bD3dHslSetDriverCallsEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRetToStrW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetQuotasForAccount
Symbol: kernel32_SetProcessAffinityMask
Symbol: kernel32_GetTimeZoneInformation
Symbol: oleaut32_ClearCustData
Symbol: tapi32_lineAddProvider
Symbol: slbcsp_CPGetHashParam
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrCreateInterface
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateBrowseContext
Symbol: dnsapi_GetCurrentTimeInSeconds
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsModifyRecordsInSet_W
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorScale
Symbol: opengl32_glLightModeli
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCreateD3DBuffer
Symbol: user32_EnableScrollBar
Symbol: user32_DialogBoxParamA
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionServerEnumW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecN32Val
Symbol: rpcrt4_CreateProxyFromTypeInfo
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_SetCRTParameter
Symbol: inetcfg_SetInternetPhoneNumber
Symbol: kernel32_WaitForMultipleObjects
Symbol: kernel32_FindResourceA
Symbol: kernel32_BaseCheckAppcompatCache
Symbol: InkEd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: uxtheme_HitTestThemeBackground
Symbol: ir50_qc_SetScalability
Symbol: ir41_qc_SetScalability
Symbol: tsd32_TrueSpeech_Encod
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceGetInfo
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetDescRec
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpGetProxyForUrl
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseCommit
Symbol: mscms_CheckBitmapBits
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportOEInfoA
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPGetHashParam
Symbol: glmf32_glsDeleteStream
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsStringCopyAllocateEx
Symbol: dimap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: user32_UnpackDDElParam
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidateUnicodeString
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapValidate
Symbol: gdi32_SetROP2
Symbol: ole32_CoGetApartmentID
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheEntryA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaOnGoCheck
Symbol: mapi32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathParseIconLocationW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindNextComponentA
Symbol: ciodm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcCloseW
Symbol: scecli_SceOpenProfile
Symbol: advapi32_RegOpenKeyExA
Symbol: advapi32_ReadEventLogW
Symbol: advapi32_OpenEventLogA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromR8
Symbol: msvcrt20___getmainargs
Symbol: msrating_RatingEnable
Symbol: nvcpl_NvDeleteTaskbarMenuItems
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCmpLe
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRedimVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdSt
Symbol: mdhcp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDeleteTexture
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIcmpStatsFromStack
Symbol: ils_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iashlpr_MemReallocIas
Symbol: glu32_gluDeleteQuadric
Symbol: dmime_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAddSubnetElementV4
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexImage
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetMenuName
Symbol: admparse_GetFontInfoA
Symbol: msvcrt_sqrt
Symbol: msvcrt__get_osfhandle
Symbol: user32_RegisterClipboardFormatW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAcquireResourceShared
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenSymbolicLinkObject
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileSet
Symbol: schannel_AcceptSecurityContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecN16Val
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoAddToFavDlg
Symbol: isign32_AutoDialLogonA
Symbol: mstask_SAGetAccountInformation
Symbol: riched20_IID_ITextHost
Symbol: HAL_KeAcquireSpinLock
Symbol: advapi32_LsaOpenSecret
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupEnablePrivilege
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiEnumDeviceInfo
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Unregister_Device_InterfaceA
Symbol: utildll_NetworkDeviceEnumerate
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetMessage
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceSetupW
Symbol: olepro32_OleCreatePropertyFrame
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCmpLe
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRedimVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdSt
Symbol: msi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mcd32_MCDCreateTexture
Symbol: glmf32_glsCaptureFlags
Symbol: shell32_DragQueryFileA
Symbol: esent97_JetRenameTable
Symbol: dmutil_RgszwDupRgszw
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAddSubnetElementV5
Symbol: adptif_FwSetInterface
Symbol: user32_GetWindowModuleFileNameW
Symbol: user32_CreateIconFromResourceEx
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSInstallCertificate
Symbol: netrap_RapIsValidDescriptorSmb
Symbol: gdi32_LineDDA
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertRegion
Symbol: gdi32_CombineTransform
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerYield
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerInqIf
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubDumpStructure
Symbol: netapi32_NetLogonSetServiceBits
Symbol: oakley_IKERegisterNotifyClient
Symbol: winsta_WinStationBroadcastSystemMessage
Symbol: HAL_KfAcquireSpinLock
Symbol: advapi32_RegOpenUserClassesRoot
Symbol: kernel32_InitAtomTable
Symbol: rasman_RasReferenceCustomCount
Symbol: iuctl_BeginSelfUpdate
Symbol: wshatm_WSHOpenSocket2
Symbol: uxtheme_EnableTheming
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetDevCaps
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAgentSessionState
Symbol: setupdll_NetNameCheck
Symbol: ntmsapi_ReleaseNtmsCleanerSlot
Symbol: msvcrt40___getmainargs
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCmpNe
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLenBstrB
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetTicket
Symbol: opengl32_glGetBooleanv
Symbol: adptif_FwGetNotificationResult
Symbol: acledit_EditOwnerInfo
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetDriverState
Symbol: msvcrt_puts
Symbol: msvcrt___setlc_active
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAllocateHeap
Symbol: gdi32_UpdateICMRegKeyW
Symbol: gdi32_GetGlyphIndicesW
Symbol: gdi32_GetCurrentObject
Symbol: clbcatq_GetGlobalBabyJITEnabled
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_DebugServerRelease
Symbol: msdtcuiu_GetDACStatsMinMaxInfo
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheGroup
Symbol: MSOERT2_PSTSetNewData
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIResolveName
Symbol: NCTAudioVisualization2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: advapi32_RegEnumKeyExA
Symbol: advapi32_CloseEventLog
Symbol: comdlg32_GetFileTitleW
Symbol: kernel32_SetCommConfig
Symbol: kernel32_QueryMemoryResourceNotification
Symbol: kernel32_MapViewOfFile
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromStr
Symbol: usrdtea_GetSdpiHandle
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__winmajor
Symbol: userenv_CreateEnvironmentBlock
Symbol: msctf_TF_GetThreadMgr
Symbol: nview_NVGetAppAndClassFromHwnd
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGlobalFirst
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetNewCalls
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumMachinesHW
Symbol: odbcjt32_ConfigDriverW
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolReAuthenticate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCmpNe
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLenBstrB
Symbol: msi_MsiVerifyPackageA
Symbol: mlang_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mfc40u_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIDetails
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIAddress
Symbol: ieakeng_ModifyRatings
Symbol: shell32_OpenAs_RunDLLA
Symbol: qdv_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLForeignKeysA
Symbol: schannel_DeleteSecurityContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecS32Val
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcStringFreeW
Symbol: netapi32_NetJoinDomain
Symbol: imgutil_CreateMIMEMap
Symbol: query_CICreateCommand
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupSystemByInfName
Symbol: winmm_waveInAddBuffer
Symbol: winmm_mciGetDeviceIDW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaFreeMemory
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromStr
Symbol: sccbase_CPDestroyHash
Symbol: rsaenh_CPSetHashParam
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetLogFileSize
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLDisconnect
Symbol: ncxpnt_EnableAutodial
Symbol: msencode_CceIsAvailableEncoding
Symbol: jet500_JetCreateTableColumnIndex
Symbol: ieakeng_MoveADMWindow
Symbol: ftsrch_GetPhraseTable
Symbol: shell32_SHUpdateImageW
Symbol: dbghelp_SymLoadModule
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeBinaryToString
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetDC
Symbol: user32_IsDialogMessage
Symbol: authz_AuthzFreeResourceManager
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryDefaultUILanguage
Symbol: rtutils_CreateWaitEventBinding
Symbol: gdi32_EndPage
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcEpRegisterW
Symbol: ole32_ReleaseStgMedium
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_DOMAIN_INFO_BUFFER
Symbol: advpack_RegRestoreAll
Symbol: WININET_InternetAutodialHangup
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFileClose
Symbol: olecli32_GenEnumFormat
Symbol: mscoree_GetXMLElementAttribute
Symbol: ddraw_GetOLEThunkData
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsGetInfo
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMGetDeviceType
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetDisplayZoomFactor
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayLock
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetEntryDialParamsW
Symbol: uxtheme_DrawThemeEdge
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetPhoneInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__winmajor
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCmpEq
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseGetPrimaryKeysW
Symbol: modemui_ModemPropPagesProvider
Symbol: mfc42u_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetBestRouteFromStack
Symbol: shell32_SHInvokePrinterCommandW
Symbol: d3dim_D3DFree
Symbol: opengl32_glLoadMatrixd
Symbol: clusapi_OfflineClusterResource
Symbol: syssetup_ReportError
Symbol: netui1_MNetServerEnum
Symbol: esent_JetSetColumnDefaultValue
Symbol: esent_JetGrowDatabase
Symbol: esent_JetGetTableInfo
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallTranslatorEx
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamReset
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecU32Val
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecS16Val
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaDelW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPutOwner3
Symbol: mscoree_CorBindToRuntimeByPath
Symbol: ddraw_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetConfigTStrArray
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerPasswordGet
Symbol: netlogon_DsrGetDcName
Symbol: secur32_TranslateNameA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_EndPrintJob
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: comdlg32_PageSetupDlgW
Symbol: kernel32_LZCreateFileW
Symbol: localspl_SplAddPrinterDriverEx
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromStr
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEditPhonebookEntryW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDriverInstallParamsW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserAdd2
Symbol: uniplat_UmPlatformDeinitialize
Symbol: scredir_SCardListReaderGroupsW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceVersion
Symbol: msvcrt40__filelengthi64
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCmpEq
Symbol: mcd32_MCDFree
Symbol: ieakeng_GenerateNewVersionStrW
Symbol: shell32_SHChangeNotify
Symbol: dssec_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dgnet_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionServerEnumW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncFlush
Symbol: rpcss_CoGetComCatalog
Symbol: ole32_HGLOBAL_UserSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamrCreateGroupInDomain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPutOwner4
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bDD4DISPInitDD
Symbol: cabinet_DllGetVersion
Symbol: cabinet_GetDllVersion
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetGuideLineW
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarmW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateActCtxW
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamInfo
Symbol: setupapi_DoesUserHavePrivilege
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__timezone
Symbol: msrating_ClickedOnRAT
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dCtlColorEx
Symbol: drmclien_CanDecryptEx
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetDevCapsW
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvDescribePixelFormat
Symbol: rsaenh_CPDuplicateKey
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseApplyTransformW
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetTcpTableFromStack
Symbol: hlink_HlinkOnNavigate
Symbol: opengl32_glLoadMatrixf
Symbol: msvcrt__beginthreadex
Symbol: user32_GetWindowThreadProcessId
Symbol: user32_DlgDirSelectExA
Symbol: powrprof_IsAdminOverrideActive
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidateHeap
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecU16Val
Symbol: gdi32_AddFontResourceW
Symbol: ole32_CoGetCallContext
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bDD4DISPInitDD
Symbol: netapi32_NetAlertRaise
Symbol: msorcl32_LoadByOrdinal
Symbol: advapi32_SetEntriesInAuditListW
Symbol: advapi32_NotifyBootConfigStatus
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEapUserIdentityW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvInitializeService
Symbol: samlib_SamDeleteGroup
Symbol: msrating_ClickedOnPRF
Symbol: userenv_GetDefaultUserProfileDirectoryW
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplOverrideRefreshRate
Symbol: synceng_AddObjectTwin
Symbol: sti_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLNumResultCols
Symbol: msvfw32_GetSaveFileNamePreviewW
Symbol: mspatcha_TestApplyPatchToFileW
Symbol: msi_MsiQueryFeatureStateFromDescriptorA
Symbol: mapistub_MAPISendMail
Symbol: shell32_SHHelpShortcuts_RunDLLA
Symbol: dssenh_CPSetHashParam
Symbol: dhcpmon_InitHelperDll
Symbol: certcli_CAFreeCertTypeProperty
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdDestroySurface
Symbol: authz_AuthziInitializeAuditParamsWithRM
Symbol: msdart_GetFileVersionInfoSizeI
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterEnumW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecSXVal
Symbol: gdi32_ExtSelectClipRgn
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackNamesW
Symbol: wintrust_GenericChainFinalProv
Symbol: advapi32_WmiOpenTraceWithCursor
Symbol: advapi32_StartServiceA
Symbol: synceng_ReconcileItem
Symbol: scredir_SCardConnectW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetStmtOption
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__timezone
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetUdpTableFromStack
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionLengthSq
Symbol: user32_RealChildWindowFromPoint
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminTransportCreate
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeStringToOemString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDowncaseUnicodeString
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecQueryIKENegotiationStatus
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseAllProtseqs
Symbol: MSOERT2__MSG
Symbol: atl_AtlIPersistStreamInit_Save
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminGetErrorString
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationEnumerateW
Symbol: advapi32_RegUnLoadKeyW
Symbol: kernel32_SetTimeZoneInformation
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromStr
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_GetTelephonyLocationFromOS
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxCancelEdit
Symbol: ctl3d32_StaticWndProc3d
Symbol: slbcsp_CPSetHashParam
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCmpGt
Symbol: hlink_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_SHUnlockShared
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFileInfoW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpRemoveOptionValueDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsRemoveOptionValue
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMMatrixFromQuaternion
Symbol: opengl32_glStencilMask
Symbol: opengl32_glStencilFunc
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrCatAllocA
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypeExtension
Symbol: user32_InitializeWin32EntryTable
Symbol: netui1_MxFreeTStrings
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncRemoveZeroBits
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFlush
Symbol: gdi32_GdiCreateLocalMetaFilePict
Symbol: WININET_InternetAlgIdToStringA
Symbol: WININET_HttpAddRequestHeadersW
Symbol: URLMON_CoGetClassObjectFromURL
Symbol: MSHTML_RNIGetCompatibleVersion
Symbol: ssdpapi_DeregisterServiceByUSN
Symbol: url_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: advapi32_LsaOpenPolicy
Symbol: oleaut32_CreateTypeLib
Symbol: cscui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: nview_NVGetVersionDisableValue
Symbol: ir50_qcx_CompressBegin
Symbol: ir41_qcx_CompressBegin
Symbol: tapi32_phoneNegotiateExtVersion
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceSetInfo
Symbol: ntmarta_EventNameFree
Symbol: msvfw32_GetOpenFileNamePreviewW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCmpGt
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbLibraryLoad
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllCloseW
Symbol: icmui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPSetHashParam
Symbol: fmifs_InitializeFmIfs
Symbol: dssenh_CPDuplicateKey
Symbol: qedit_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dsdmo_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetOutlineA
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdReenableDirectDrawObject
Symbol: netui1_MDosPrintQEnum
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetTypeInfoA
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatEnumW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarCreateTrustedDomain
Symbol: gdi32_CreatePolygonRgn
Symbol: ole32_HWND_UserMarshal
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_GET_MEMBERS_BUFFER
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyA
Symbol: msnsspc_InitSecurityInterfaceA
Symbol: query_LocateCatalogsA
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextFileW
Symbol: winfax_FaxInitializeEventQueue
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbLibraryLoad
Symbol: esent97_JetDeleteIndex
Symbol: duser_DUserCastHandle
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontBBox
Symbol: msvcrt_atan2
Symbol: user32_ChangeDisplaySettingsExW
Symbol: wmp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msdart_FindFirstFileI
Symbol: gdi32_GetKerningPairsW
Symbol: ole32_RegisterDragDrop
Symbol: olecli32_OleLockServer
Symbol: mscoree_ND_CopyObjSrc
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplImportDirUnlock
Symbol: mstask_SASetAccountInformation
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidListFloat
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileSizeEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetEnvironmentStringsA
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamCut
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFileCompressionInfoExW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetMessageBufferSend
Symbol: synceng_AddFolderTwin
Symbol: slbcsp_CPDuplicateKey
Symbol: mcd32_MCDLock
Symbol: mapistub_MAPISaveMail
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceClose
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpStatsFromStackEx
Symbol: esent97_JetCreateIndex
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQueryExUTF8
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontInfo
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionIdentity
Symbol: msvcrt___p___winitenv
Symbol: crypt32_CertDuplicateCRLContext
Symbol: ntdll___eEmulatorInit
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQueryTrustedDomainInfoByName
Symbol: gdi32_GetGlyphOutlineA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtEnableIdleCleanup
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRecAssign
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIOpenFormMgr
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegGetPathA
Symbol: adsnt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: imm32_ImmConfigureIMEW
Symbol: winmm_timeBeginPeriod
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadPriorityBoost
Symbol: setupapi_SetupTerminateFileLog
Symbol: uxtheme_OpenThemeData
Symbol: tapi32_phoneInitialize
Symbol: odbcconf_RegVersionEx
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPrintObj
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetDurTrailInSubline
Symbol: iphlpapi_EnableRouter
Symbol: ieakeng_ShowADMWindow
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconExA
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateBackupRestorer
Symbol: opengl32_glDeleteLists
Symbol: newdev_RollbackDriver
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColAttribute
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_Alias_ExA
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetFileHandle
Symbol: expsrv_EbGetVBAObject
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCheckType
Symbol: dpnet_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: regapi_RegOpenServerA
Symbol: scecli_SceGetServerProductType
Symbol: kernel32_SuspendThread
Symbol: kernel32_FatalAppExitW
Symbol: usrfaxa_Data_TaskExit
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__winminor
Symbol: cscui_CSCUIInitialize
Symbol: rtm_MgmAddGroupMembershipEntry
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPrintObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarCmpLt
Symbol: wmpcd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msdmo_MoFreeMediaType
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsExtractRecordsFromMessage_UTF8
Symbol: dmutil_GetInstallDirectoryPath
Symbol: dmocx_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_wglSwapMultipleBuffers
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterResourceName
Symbol: crypt32_CertDuplicateCTLContext
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenSymbolicLinkObject
Symbol: winipsec_DeleteTransportFilter
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Size_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1utctime_cmp
Symbol: olecli32_PbEnumFormats
Symbol: mscoree_ND_CopyObjDst
Symbol: MSOERT2_CleanupFileNameInPlaceW
Symbol: ROBOEX32_InitWinHelp2000
Symbol: AllNode_DES_shortnkey
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleUnRegisterTypeLib
Symbol: lame_enc_beEncodeChunkFloatS16NI
Symbol: winmm_mciSendCommandW
Symbol: advapi32_RegEnumValueW
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectDeleteAuditAlarmA
Symbol: advapi32_ControlTraceW
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dUnregister
Symbol: nvcpl_NvQTwHandleDFPResWarning
Symbol: synceng_CreateRecList
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibRealize
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarCmpLt
Symbol: msports_ComDBClaimNextFreePort
Symbol: glmf32_glsDisplayMapfv
Symbol: ftsrch_SetPhraseTable
Symbol: shell32_SheGetCurDrive
Symbol: shell32_ILRemoveLastID
Symbol: dbghelp_SymInitialize
Symbol: opengl32_glGetIntegerv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMRemoveFontA
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildADsParentPathFromObjectInfo
Symbol: cryptnet_I_CryptNetIsConnected
Symbol: msvcrt__dup2
Symbol: user32_WINNLSEnableIME
Symbol: icmp_IcmpParseReplies
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAreBitsClear
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAppendUnicodeToString
Symbol: ntdll_CsrProbeForRead
Symbol: ntdll_CsrClientConnectToServer
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQueryDomainInformationPolicy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGosubFree
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIEBack
Symbol: anvioctl_ACOLOR_Reset
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsSetInfo
Symbol: secur32_LsaRegisterLogonProcess
Symbol: umpnpmgr_PNP_GetDeviceListSize
Symbol: advapi32_IsTextUnicode
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiUnremoveDevice
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCancelTemporarySourceList
Symbol: msctf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: nview_NVGetTotalDisplayDevices
Symbol: tapi32_MMCSetPhoneInfo
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphSearchRecords
Symbol: netshell_HrOemUpgrade
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__winminor
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCallByName
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackConnectionAccept
Symbol: iashlpr_InitializeIas
Symbol: shell32_SHBindToParent
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropSendErrorMessage
Symbol: dsauth_StoreGetHandle
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexGendv
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonStartShellEvent
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBEntryGetNext
Symbol: ntdll_RtlClearAllBits
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDataSourcesW
Symbol: msdart_FormatMessageI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Next_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_EnumICMProfilesW
Symbol: ole32_PropVariantClear
Symbol: WININET_InternetDialA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPutFxStr3
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszSkipWhiteA
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerPasswordSet
Symbol: regapi_RegCloseServer
Symbol: kernel32_SwitchToFiber
Symbol: kernel32_GetDriveTypeA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEntryPropertiesA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasMonitorDlgA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDriverInstallParamsW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCommitFileQueueA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Res_Des_Handle
Symbol: userenv_RegisterGPNotification
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeCreate
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetDisplay
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetTerminal
Symbol: dsauth_StoreEndSearch
Symbol: user32_IsWindowEnabled
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIFreeViewSignaturesPagesA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLookupAtomInAtomTable
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFirstFreeAce
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDefaultNpAcl
Symbol: esent_JetDeleteColumn
Symbol: gdi32_EngStretchBltROP
Symbol: ole32_HBITMAP_UserSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamrSetInformationAlias
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPutFxStr4
Symbol: isign32_IEAKProcessISP
Symbol: inetcfg_SetShellNextA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpCopyStringToBuffer
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetPathType
Symbol: imm32_ImmCreateContext
Symbol: advapi32_RegSaveKeyExW
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSidToSidW
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSidToStringSidW
Symbol: kernel32_Heap32ListNext
Symbol: rasman_RasPortRetrieveUserData
Symbol: msctf_TF_InitMlngInfo
Symbol: drmclien_InitAppCerts
Symbol: osuninst_IsUninstallImageValid
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvRealizeLayerPalette
Symbol: polstore_IPSecReallocatePolStr
Symbol: pdh_PdhiPlaGetVersion
Symbol: perfproc_CloseSysProcessObject
Symbol: msi_MsiOpenPackageExW
Symbol: mscms_IsColorProfileTagPresent
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateSyncReaderPriv
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionServerEnumW
Symbol: d3dim_Direct3DGetSWRastZPixFmts
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexGenfv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetBuildStr
Symbol: user32_GetClassInfoExA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryDefaultUILanguage
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenJobObject
Symbol: netui1_DestroySession
Symbol: gdi32_GetStringBitmapW
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBCacheFree
Symbol: ole32_StgIsStorageFile
Symbol: ole32_ReadStringStream
Symbol: samsrv_SamrLookupNamesInDomain
Symbol: msdtctm_ASCWrapObject
Symbol: NCTAudioRecord2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: inetcfg_SetAutoProxyConnectoid
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirUnlock
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLExecDirect
Symbol: secur32_GetUserNameExA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_page_control
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleA
Symbol: localspl_SplMonitorIsInstalled
Symbol: oleaut32_LoadTypeLibEx
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_UnmaskPeriodicInt
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__wenviron
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetRequestA
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemNamedCallLd
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaExitProc
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyErrVar
Symbol: msi_MsiPreviewDialogA
Symbol: shell32_ShellExecuteEx
Symbol: esent97_JetGetChecksum
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetParent
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpAddSubnetElementV4DS
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateWriterFileSink
Symbol: crtdll__cabs
Symbol: user32_DialogBoxParamW
Symbol: crypt32_CertOIDToAlgId
Symbol: crypt32_CertAlgIdToOID
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateProfile
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFlush
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarEnumeratePrivileges
Symbol: gdi32_STROBJ_bEnumPositionsOnly
Symbol: gdi32_EndPath
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrDllRegisterProxy
Symbol: netapi32_NetUseGetInfo
Symbol: netapi32_NetSessionDel
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn2_sA
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_InsertPtr
Symbol: kernel32_WriteTapemark
Symbol: kernel32_FindResourceW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromCy
Symbol: usrdtea_GetSvpiHandle
Symbol: iuctl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetStmtOption
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemNamedCallLd
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaExitProc
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyErrVar
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordDataSize
Symbol: msi_MsiProcessAdvertiseScriptA
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDecodeUnhook
Symbol: jet500_JetCloseDatabase
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportOEInfoW
Symbol: opengl32_glLineStipple
Symbol: msvcrt___wgetmainargs
Symbol: user32_DdeUninitialize
Symbol: authz_AuthzFreeHandle
Symbol: cnbjmon_InitializePrintMonitor
Symbol: powrprof_ValidatePowerPolicies
Symbol: powrprof_IsPwrHibernateAllowed
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptInstallOssGlobal
Symbol: esent_JetGetIndexInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetFunctions
Symbol: msdart_LoadLibraryExI
Symbol: ole32_CoMarshalHresult
Symbol: ole32_CoGetInterceptor
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DllGetDTCUIC
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheEntryW
Symbol: WININET_DeleteIE3Cache
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindNextComponentW
Symbol: secur32_DecryptMessage
Symbol: winmm_mmioCreateChunk
Symbol: advapi32_RegOpenKeyExW
Symbol: advapi32_OpenEventLogW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaLookupSids
Symbol: EqnClass_ClassInstall
Symbol: setupdll_LegacyInfLookUpSymbol
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupShutdown
Symbol: netshell_NetSetupFinishInstall
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__wenviron
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTstGe
Symbol: msi_MsiGetTargetPathA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsServerEnumSubnets
Symbol: dpnlobby_DirectPlay8LobbyCreate
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexGeniv
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterFromResource
Symbol: cic_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: admparse_GetFontInfoW
Symbol: crtdll__osversion_dll
Symbol: user32_InSendMessageEx
Symbol: user32_GetTitleBarInfo
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEnumKeyIdentifierProperties
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInstallUILanguage
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSXVal
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarLookupPrivilegeName
Symbol: gdi32_ScaleWindowExtEx
Symbol: isign32_AutoDialSignup
Symbol: isign32_AutoDialLogonW
Symbol: imeshare_IdUlIMEStyle
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumerateSymbolsW64
Symbol: kernel32_GetWriteWatch
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayCopy
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Unregister_Device_InterfaceW
Symbol: nvcpl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTstGe
Symbol: msls31_LsCreateSubline
Symbol: icaapi_IcaCdWaitForSingleObject
Symbol: shell32_DragQueryFileW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetBookmark
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorLerp
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixRotationAxis
Symbol: cryptnet_CertDllVerifyCTLUsage
Symbol: crtdll__read
Symbol: crtdll__beep
Symbol: d3dim700_FlushD3DDevices
Symbol: esent_JetRenameColumn
Symbol: msdart_DragQueryFileI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1DecSetError
Symbol: WININET_InternetAttemptConnect
Symbol: expsrv_MethCallEngine
Symbol: ntshrui_SharingDialog
Symbol: winmm_mmioSendMessage
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelClose
Symbol: comctl32_DllGetVersion
Symbol: kernel32_WaitCommEvent
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_ListA
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMModuleFirst
Symbol: unimdmat_UmCloseModem
Symbol: sti_StiCreateInstance
Symbol: softpub_DriverInitializePolicy
Symbol: hnetmon_InitHelperDll
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteSuperScopeV4
Symbol: drmv2clt_CreateDRMRightsManager
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEGetConnectionConfig
Symbol: user32_GetComboBoxInfo
Symbol: cscdll_MprServiceProc
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptFindLruEntryData
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateSection
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_getcolfmt
Symbol: winscard_SCardControl
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecUXVal
Symbol: comsvcs_ComSvcsExceptionFilter
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheEntryGroupA
Symbol: olesvr32_SendRenameMsg
Symbol: mscoree_GetXMLElement
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasCreatePropContext
Symbol: winsta__WinStationShadowTarget
Symbol: advapi32_RegEnumKeyExW
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadWritePtr
Symbol: kernel32_GetVersionExA
Symbol: kernel32_Beep
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumPrintProcessorDatatypes
Symbol: oleaut32_BSTR_UserFree
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptSend
Symbol: paqsp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: uxtheme_DrawThemeIcon
Symbol: tsd32_TrueSpeech_Reset
Symbol: msvfw32_ICSeqCompressFrameStart
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMidCharVar
Symbol: msi_MsiVerifyPackageW
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalSetIpNetEntry
Symbol: fsusd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_OpenAs_RunDLLW
Symbol: duser_MapGadgetPoints
Symbol: opengl32_glPolygonMode
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetNextRow
Symbol: msvcrt___set_app_type
Symbol: ntdll_NtWaitForMultipleObjects
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLForeignKeysW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLParamOptions
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCatalogInfoFromContext
Symbol: expsrv___vbaWriteFile
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegSetPathA
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasPrintDebugHResult
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiReplaceProcessThreadTokens
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadPriorityBoost
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data_Ex
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetDataInt
Symbol: uxtheme_IsThemeActive
Symbol: scredir_SCardTransmit
Symbol: odbcconf_DisableDebugPrivileges
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupDestroySelectedDriverInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMidCharVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileLength
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbLoadRunTime
Symbol: msscp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iassvcs_IASInitialize
Symbol: wuapi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbghelp_omap
Symbol: opengl32_glBindTexture
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceTypeGetEnumCount
Symbol: syssetup_SetupPidGen3
Symbol: wsock32_GetNameByTypeA
Symbol: wsock32_GetTypeByNameA
Symbol: esent_JetBeginSession
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionCheckForData
Symbol: gdi32_GdiSetServerAttr
Symbol: msdtcuiu_PerfDllRegisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemSt
Symbol: MSOERT2_LoadMappedToolbarBitmap
Symbol: imeshare_FSetIMEStyle
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Set256ColorPaletteMode
Symbol: winmm_mciGetYieldProc
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualFreeEx
Symbol: samlib_SamQueryInformationUser
Symbol: w32topl_ToplHeapCreate
Symbol: rsaenh_CPGetProvParam
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupFindMappedDriver
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPTriggerFromBlob
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileLength
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbLoadRunTime
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTstLe
Symbol: msls31_LsdnResetObjDim
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIFindNext
Symbol: duser_DUserCastDirect
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionServerEnumW
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceCreateHardwarePage
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtDebugContinue
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DtcPerfClose
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetFilePointer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPrintFile
Symbol: bootvid_VidInitialize
Symbol: NCTAudioEditor2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: imm32_ImmRegisterWordA
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxInitializeClientData
Symbol: secur32_TranslateNameW
Symbol: secur32_SecpFreeMemory
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamClose
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_page_controlA
Symbol: kernel32_ZombifyActCtx
Symbol: kernel32_HeapQueryTagW
Symbol: kernel32_GetBinaryType
Symbol: setupapi_SetupUninstallOEMInfA
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetSocketInformation
Symbol: nview_HKExecuteAction
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTstLe
Symbol: FM20_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_SheSetCurDrive
Symbol: cliconfg_ClientConfigureAddEdit
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapNextEntry
Symbol: user32_CallWindowProcA
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyCRLRevocation
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceGetCredentialsEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInterlockedFlushSList
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLPostInstallerErrorW
Symbol: winscard_SCardStatusA
Symbol: ole32_OleLoad
Symbol: olecli32_BmQueryBounds
Symbol: imm32_ImmSystemHandler
Symbol: ntshrui_IsPathSharedA
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterDriverEx
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetConnectStatusWow
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddToSourceListA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_MEMAlloc
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetNumRings
Symbol: ntmsapi_ReserveNtmsCleanerSlot
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTstNe
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetSyncItemSettings
Symbol: mdminst_ClassInstall32
Symbol: netplwiz_SHDisconnectNetDrives
Symbol: glmf32_glsPad
Symbol: shell32_Control_RunDLL
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorName
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetLists
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsIsStringCountValidForTextType
Symbol: apphelp_GetPermLayers
Symbol: initpki_InitializePKI
Symbol: user32_DlgDirSelectExW
Symbol: user32_CreateWindowExA
Symbol: netrap_RapArrayLength
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPrimaryKeysA
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLFreeHandle
Symbol: gdi32_GetPath
Symbol: mtxoci_ologTransacted
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_Release
Symbol: expsrv_ProcCallEngine
Symbol: cdm_LogDriverNotFound
Symbol: wuweb_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAccessCheckAndAudit
Symbol: netapi32_NetAuditWrite
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLDisconnect
Symbol: winsta_WinStationRemoveLicense
Symbol: kernel32_BaseCleanupAppcompatCacheSupport
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetEntryPropertiesA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupEnumInfSectionsA
Symbol: wiashext_TakeAPicture
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetDisplay
Symbol: setupdll_SetupAddPrinterDriver
Symbol: rshx32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTstNe
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLenCharVar
Symbol: msi_MsiQueryFeatureStateFromDescriptorW
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDestroyWindow
Symbol: shell32_SHHelpShortcuts_RunDLLW
Symbol: duser_BuildDropTarget
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrCpyAllocA
Symbol: wmi_WmiExecuteMethodA
Symbol: crtdll_fread
Symbol: user32_DdeGetLastError
Symbol: ntdll_NtAllocateUuids
Symbol: msdart_RegisterClassI
Symbol: msdart_DefWindowProcI
Symbol: gdi32_MaskBlt
Symbol: gdi32_FillRgn
Symbol: gdi32_Ellipse
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_UserInternal6Information
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaForget
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSetObj
Symbol: expsrv_rtcImmediateIf
Symbol: expsrv_rtI2FromErrVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaInputFile
Symbol: olecli32_LeQueryBounds
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsPrefixA
Symbol: msutb_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: winsta_WinStationQueryLogonCredentialsW
Symbol: advapi32_StartServiceW
Symbol: kernel32_Module32FirstW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortReceive
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Key_NameA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevQPurgeSelf
Symbol: webvw_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCountryA
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLenCharVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetDateVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaInStrVar
Symbol: mcd32_MCDSwap
Symbol: ftsrch_ScanTopicTitle
Symbol: shell32_SHIsFileAvailableOffline
Symbol: shell32_ILSaveToStream
Symbol: duser_DUserInstanceOf
Symbol: dssenh_CPGetProvParam
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQueryConfig
Symbol: wuaueng_RegisterServiceVersion
Symbol: crtdll__logb
Symbol: user32_GetDlgItemTextA
Symbol: msdart_MPCSInitialize
Symbol: msgina_WlxLoggedOnSAS
Symbol: olecli32_PbQueryBounds
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateProfileManager
Symbol: secur32_EncryptMessage
Symbol: winsta_WinStationFreeGAPMemory
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSEnumerateProcessesA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromStr
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetMultiSzFieldA
Symbol: vcdex_VDDRegisterInit
Symbol: uniplat_MonitorHandle
Symbol: sisbkup_SisFreeBackupStructure
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetDateVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaInStrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCommandVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTstEq
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_Invoke
Symbol: msi_MsiGetSourcePathA
Symbol: mapistub_LAUNCHWIZARD
Symbol: duser_DUserSendMethod
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelMapuiv
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrCatAllocW
Symbol: esent_JetGotoBookmark
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetStmtAttrA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enumerate_Classes_Ex
Symbol: msgina_WlxDisplayStatusMessage
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthClientA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcGetBufferWithObject
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaCommit
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetProvSignerFromChain
Symbol: WININET_InternetAlgIdToStringW
Symbol: expsrv_rtI4FromErrVar
Symbol: expsrv_rtcChangeDrive
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRefVarAry
Symbol: olecli32_MfQueryBounds
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vDD4DISPExitDD
Symbol: sxs_SxsFindClrClassInformation
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetContrast
Symbol: winsta__WinStationReadRegistry
Symbol: comctl32_AddMRUStringW
Symbol: kernel32_Process32First
Symbol: rasman_RasEnumLanNets
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiGetResponseHandle
Symbol: sbe_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeColor
Symbol: unimdmat_UmWaveAction
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetStatusA
Symbol: slbcsp_CPGetProvParam
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgDispatch
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCommandVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTstEq
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_Invoke
Symbol: msapsspc_DeleteSecurityContext
Symbol: mcd32_MCDSync
Symbol: kerberos_SpInitialize
Symbol: msdmo_MoInitMediaType
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelStoref
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetOutlineW
Symbol: user32_DrawMenuBarTemp
Symbol: ntdll__lfind
Symbol: ntdll_CsrGetProcessId
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetTypeInfoW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1EncSetError
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIUpdateForestTrustInformation
Symbol: ole32_OleDoAutoConvert
Symbol: INETWH32_LaunchBrowser
Symbol: NCTAudioPlayer2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetProxyA
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vDD4DISPExitDD
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegDeleteEmptyUSKeyW
Symbol: msnsspc_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: mstask_NetrJobGetInfo
Symbol: query_LocateCatalogsW
Symbol: winsta__WinStationNotifyLogoff
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageRemoveCertificate
Symbol: nview_NView_ExtEscape
Symbol: osuninst_GetUninstallImageSize
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingLookupBeginA
Symbol: oleacc_IID_IAccessible
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishByPen
Symbol: msi_MsiSetTargetPathA
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPGetProvParam
Symbol: duser_BeginTransition
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionCheckForData
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexEnvfv
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpShowUI
Symbol: iuengine_InternalDownloadGetUpdatedFiles
Symbol: ntdll__CIlog
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenJobObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateProcess
Symbol: msnsspc_UnsealMessage
Symbol: kernel32_GetTapeStatus
Symbol: kernel32_GetEnvironmentStringsW
Symbol: kernel32_BaseFlushAppcompatCache
Symbol: localspl_SplAddPortEx
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromBool
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptInit
Symbol: cscui_CSCUIMsgProcess
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingImportBeginA
Symbol: pdh_PdhSetLogSetRunID
Symbol: msls31_LsExpandSubline
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetBestRoute
Symbol: esent97_JetDBUtilities
Symbol: duser_UnregisterGadgetProperty
Symbol: opengl32_glGetPointerv
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceControl
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegQueryInfoKey
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEnumMMFonts
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionMultiply
Symbol: user32_GetKeyNameTextA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateProfile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetCurrentDirectory_U
Symbol: gdi32_GetGlyphOutlineW
Symbol: ole32_OleInitializeWOW
Symbol: samsrv_SamIAccountRestrictions
Symbol: vbajet32_VBAGetExprSrv
Symbol: kdcom_KdSave
Symbol: icwdial_DllEntryPoint
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegGetPathW
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMLock
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_WasRegionSet
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ConvertToBW
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamPause
Symbol: winsta_ServerGetInternetConnectorStatus
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleKeyShortcuts
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTree_ExA
Symbol: wshisn_WSHGetSocketInformation
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPMacTypeAsNumber
Symbol: netcfgx_NetCfgDiagRepairRegistryBindings
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfindfirsti64
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminInterfaceConnect
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconExW
Symbol: fmifs_Chkdsk
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionServerEnumW
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelStorei
Symbol: opengl32_glPassThrough
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSISetSearchPreference
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDESetConnectionConfig
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncSelect
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_setcolfmt
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_Alias_ExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_TowerConstruct
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonEncapsulatedUnionBufferSize
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98Initialize
Symbol: atl_AtlComQIPtrAssign
Symbol: regapi_RegOpenServerW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupDuplicateString
Symbol: occache_GetControlDependentFile
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTstGt
Symbol: msimg32_TransparentBlt
Symbol: msi_MsiProcessMessage
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorPenF
Symbol: opengl32_wglShareLists
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexEnviv
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNetworkState
Symbol: crtdll_fgetc
Symbol: msxml_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: user32_GetMenuItemRect
Symbol: authz_AuthziFreeAuditEventType
Symbol: ntdll___eFST
Symbol: ntdll__CIcos
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInstallUILanguage
Symbol: ntdll_RtlImageRvaToVa
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenSemaphore
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarGetQuotasForAccount
Symbol: ole32_StgCreatePropStg
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetAgencyInfo
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATGetMemberInfo
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetNetworkInformationA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyForInit
Symbol: msnsspc_MakeSignature
Symbol: GEARAspi_GASPINotifyMediaChange
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetImageFromClipboard
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_extended_operationA
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectDeleteAuditAlarmW
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemInfo
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizQueryMaxPageCount
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplSetDataInt
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvCreateRegEntry
Symbol: polstore_IPSecClosePolicyStore
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTstGt
Symbol: wmpui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMRemoveFontW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontStatusA
Symbol: user32_GetKeyboardType
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetSecurityDescriptorRMControl
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiGetThreadDebugObject
Symbol: netrap_RapConvertSingleEntryEx
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_Res_Des
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonEncapsulatedUnionUnmarshall
Symbol: ole32_StgOpenStorageEx
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryUnlock
Symbol: winmm_mciSetYieldProc
Symbol: winsta_WinStationAutoReconnect
Symbol: kernel32_RtlFillMemory
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromDisp
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptTerm
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableEnum
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupRegistryDelnode
Symbol: nvcpl_ExportNvCplAdapterString
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemePropertyOrigin
Symbol: rsaenh_CPSetProvParam
Symbol: msvcp50__FNan
Symbol: msvcp50__FInf
Symbol: msls31_LsdnSetRigidDup
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceInput
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpMultihopRouteEntryToStack
Symbol: dciman32_DCIBeginAccess
Symbol: opengl32_glMultMatrixd
Symbol: wmi_WmiSetSingleItemA
Symbol: crtdll_scanf
Symbol: user32_GetRawInputData
Symbol: user32_GetActiveWindow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateSection
Symbol: esent_JetEscrowUpdate
Symbol: msdart_RegSetValueExI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaILookupWellKnownName
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFileDescriptionA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcInitializeAsyncHandle
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAsyncInitializeHandle
Symbol: samsrv_SamIInitialize
Symbol: catsrvut_LoadLibraryOnUserDllW
Symbol: WININET_InternetDialW
Symbol: mscoree_GetCORVersion
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszSkipWhiteW
Symbol: NCTAudioFile2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: atl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerEnum
Symbol: msvcp60__FNan
Symbol: msvcp60__FInf
Symbol: winsta_WinStationIsHelpAssistantSession
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualUnlock
Symbol: kernel32_GetDriveTypeW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEntryPropertiesW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasMonitorDlgW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCommitFileQueueW
Symbol: msctf_TF_InvalidAssemblyListCacheIfExist
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetShareAdd
Symbol: wshatm_WSHSetSocketInformation
Symbol: nview_NVApplyDisplaySettingsDC
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetCoreClusterResources
Symbol: psbase_SPGetProvParam
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbIsGoodStatus
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLNativeSqlW
Symbol: ntmsapi_SwapNtmsMedia
Symbol: msapsspc_CleanupCredentialCache
Symbol: ipmontr_InitHelperDll
Symbol: shell32_Options_RunDLL
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorPenI
Symbol: msdmo_MoCopyMediaType
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpCheckShellObject
Symbol: crtdll_clock
Symbol: crtdll__swab
Symbol: crtdll__itoa
Symbol: user32_GetMonitorInfoA
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIFreeViewSignaturesPagesW
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceSetCredentialsEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWaitForMultipleObjects
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSystemTimeToLocalTime
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLocalTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: schannel_RevertSecurityContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1objectidentifier_free
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIIsDsPaused
Symbol: samsrv_SamrOpenDomain
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_ENUMERATION_BUFFER
Symbol: NCTAudioInformation2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: inetcfg_SetShellNextW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_DllGetVersion
Symbol: usbui_USBErrorHandler
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilVarBindListCpy
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemTime
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetNumRings
Symbol: synceng_CountSourceFolderTwins
Symbol: rsmps_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpNotifyConfigChange
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaDerefAry1
Symbol: mobsync_RegSetSyncItemSettings
Symbol: esent97_JetTruncateLog
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSetLists
Symbol: opengl32_glMultMatrixf
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaIsClassAContainer
Symbol: apphelp_SetPermLayers
Symbol: crtdll__pipe
Symbol: user32_SetMessageQueue
Symbol: user32_LoadRemoteFonts
Symbol: user32_GetClassInfoExW
Symbol: user32_AllowSetForegroundWindow
Symbol: ntdll_NtSuspendThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtReleaseMutant
Symbol: ntdll_NtFsControlFile
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessCheck
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Intersect_Range_List
Symbol: samsrv_SamIDemoteUndo
Symbol: WININET_InternetOpenA
Symbol: expsrv_rtR4FromErrVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaInStrVarB
Symbol: MSHTML_ShowHTMLDialog
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocQueryStringByKeyA
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetVirtualKey
Symbol: query_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: usbui_USBHubPowerPage
Symbol: secur32_GetUserNameExW
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpOidCompare
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetPduData
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_NewAlarm
Symbol: msvcrt20__seterrormode
Symbol: unimdmat_UmLogStringA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetRequestW
Symbol: rastapi_PortCompressionSetInfo
Symbol: rasrad_Close
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLAllocHandleStd
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetEnvAttr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaDerefAry1
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTstLt
Symbol: msls31_LsCreateContext
Symbol: msi_MsiPreviewDialogW
Symbol: ixsso_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iphlpapi_IcmpSendEcho2
Symbol: shell32_DragQueryPoint
Symbol: digest_QueryContextAttributesA
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetOptions
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelMapusv
Symbol: opengl32_glGenTextures
Symbol: crtdll_mblen
Symbol: crtdll_fseek
Symbol: crtdll__global_unwind2
Symbol: syssetup_SetupOobeInitDebugLog
Symbol: mprapi_MprDomainQueryRasServer
Symbol: ntdll__CIsin
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationThread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDebugContinue
Symbol: ntdll_NtCompareTokens
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_strnicmp2
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedZeroCharString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthInfoExA
Symbol: ole32_OleDraw
Symbol: expsrv_rtcStrConvVar2
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLdZeroAry
Symbol: SHLWAPI_ColorRGBToHLS
Symbol: SHLWAPI_ColorHLSToRGB
Symbol: els_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn2_sW
Symbol: imagehlp_SplitSymbols
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupFreeStringArray
Symbol: setupdll_GetFloppyDriveLetters
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltInqBeginA
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgTraceInt
Symbol: msvfw32_ICOpenFunction
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTstLt
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSetDateVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemNamedCallSt
Symbol: msi_MsiProcessAdvertiseScriptW
Symbol: jet500_JetGetAttachInfo
Symbol: icaapi_IcaChannelTrace
Symbol: dssenh_CPSetProvParam
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterKey
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNetworkOpenEnum
Symbol: wmi_WmiEnumerateGuids
Symbol: crtdll__ltoa
Symbol: syssetup_GenerateName
Symbol: user32_SetDlgItemTextA
Symbol: inetpp_InitializePrintProvidor
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSignMessageWithKey
Symbol: wsock32_getprotobyname
Symbol: ntdll__i64toa
Symbol: ntdll__atoi64
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetNextRange
Symbol: msdart_GetWindowLongI
Symbol: SQLSRV32_FinishDlgProc
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Uninstall_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecGeneralizedTime
Symbol: ole32_OleSave
Symbol: expsrv_rtcWeekdayName
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_GetTypeInfoCount
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateHashTable
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGetProcessSid
Symbol: security_AcceptSecurityContext
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetBinaryValue
Symbol: nwprovau_NwLogonGatewayAccount
Symbol: Bot_NTCallme
Symbol: msvcrt40__seterrormode
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSetDateVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemNamedCallSt
Symbol: msi_MsiGetTargetPathW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDeleteSuperScopeV4DS
Symbol: crtdll__tell
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgSelectStoreA
Symbol: newdev_InstallDevInst
Symbol: ntdll_NtExtendSection
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetStmtAttrA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFilterSids
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingArrayMarshall
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSetVar
Symbol: MSOEACCT_HrCreateAccountManager
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerTransportEnum
Symbol: netapi32_CredpValidateTargetName
Symbol: ntshrui_IsFolderPrivateForUser
Symbol: query_SetCatalogState
Symbol: webcheck_XMLScheduleElementToTaskTrigger
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelWrite
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Global_State_Ex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Delete_Class_Key_Ex
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetTollList
Symbol: slbcsp_CPSetProvParam
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityGetFriendlyName
Symbol: ncxpnt_InstallSharing
Symbol: msvcp50__LNan
Symbol: msvcp50__LInf
Symbol: jet500_JetGetObjectInfo
Symbol: crtdll__open
Symbol: crtdll__ecvt
Symbol: user32_InsertMenuItemA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAllocateUuids
Symbol: ntdll_NtReplyWaitReceivePortEx
Symbol: gdi32_GetViewportOrgEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeFree2
Symbol: expsrv_rtR8FromErrVar
Symbol: URLMON_HlinkGoForward
Symbol: MSOERT2_CchFileTimeToDateTimeSz
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetProxyA
Symbol: msvcp60__LNan
Symbol: msvcp60__LInf
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_ListW
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestDrop
Symbol: spoolss_DllFreeSplMem
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateDestEnum
Symbol: rtm_MgmGroupEnumerationGetNext
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtHandleSetExpAge
Symbol: rasser_PortDisconnect
Symbol: p2p_PeerCreatePeerName
Symbol: wzcsapi_FlushWZCDbLog
Symbol: msvcp50__Xbig
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPSetProvParam
Symbol: clusapi_CloseClusterNotifyPort
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeAccessCheckEx
Symbol: crtdll_ctime
Symbol: crtdll__fcvt
Symbol: msvcrt__cabs
Symbol: user32_IsWindowUnicode
Symbol: user32_DdeQueryStringA
Symbol: user32_CliImmSetHotKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNtCreateKey
Symbol: ntdll_CsrCaptureMessageMultiUnicodeStringsInPlace
Symbol: netui1_MxCalcNewInfoFromOldParm
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFreeForestTrustInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingSetAuthInfoExA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrEncapsulatedUnionFree
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheEntryGroupW
Symbol: msvcp60__Xbig
Symbol: kernel32_Process32NextW
Symbol: kernel32_GetVersionExW
Symbol: localspl_ControlPrintProcessor
Symbol: wiadss_UnloadImportDS
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMEnumTaskWOW
Symbol: security_DeleteSecurityContext
Symbol: msi_MsiSetExternalUIA
Symbol: ils_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_Control_FillCache_RunDLL
Symbol: duser_IsInsideContext
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionCheckForData
Symbol: dbghelp_SymSetContext
Symbol: dbghelp_EnumerateLoadedModules64
Symbol: crtdll__gcvt
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetCurrentDirectory_U
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryTagHeap
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenEventPair
Symbol: gdi32_GdiReleaseLocalDC
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllGetVersion
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetCodePageInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegSetPathW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathSkipRootA
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetOpenStatus
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLProcedures
Symbol: winsta_ServerSetInternetConnectorStatus
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_vlv_controlA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrCallServerFromServer
Symbol: win32spl_InitializePrintMonitor
Symbol: wshisn_WSHSetSocketInformation
Symbol: nvcpl_NvGetWindowsDisplayState
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphRegisterEvent
Symbol: sensapi_IsDestinationReachableA
Symbol: rasser_PortSetINetCfg
Symbol: ntprint_ClassInstall32
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetTimeVar
Symbol: msi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: esent97_JetRetrieveKey
Symbol: d3d9_PSGPSampleTexture
Symbol: cfgbkend_CLSID_CfgComp
Symbol: crtdll_raise
Symbol: crtdll__ftol
Symbol: user32_DefRawInputProc
Symbol: user32_CreatePopupMenu
Symbol: powrprof_CanUserWritePwrScheme
Symbol: wsock32_GetNameByTypeW
Symbol: wsock32_GetTypeByNameW
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatShutdownTranslator
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcNsInterfaceExported
Symbol: samsrv_SamrDeleteUser
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyForNext
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCopyBytes
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrDecodeObject
Symbol: ati3d1ag_pDdHslQueryDeviceObject
Symbol: scecli_SceConfigureConvertedFileSecurity
Symbol: secur32_QueryContextAttributesA
Symbol: lame_enc_beEncodeChunk
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrServerInitialization
Symbol: msvcrt20__iob
Symbol: msvcrt20__eof
Symbol: nview_DMRemoveDesktop
Symbol: w32topl_ToplIterCreate
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterDriverExW
Symbol: msvcp50__Cosh
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetTimeVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLateMemCallLdRf
Symbol: mll_hp_ClaimMediaLabel
Symbol: mcd32_MCDTextureStatus
Symbol: msvcrt__read
Symbol: msvcrt__beep
Symbol: ntdll_memchr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateProcess
Symbol: ntdll_NtGetWriteWatch
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetQuotasForAccount
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcCancelThread
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpReleaseTypeGenCookie
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_QueryInterface
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSetUnk
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapAddCert
Symbol: asustips_show_balloon
Symbol: NCTAudioVisualization2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ati3d2ag_pDdHslQueryDeviceObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetpwPathType
Symbol: imm32_ImmRegisterWordW
Symbol: msvcp60__Cosh
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_page_controlW
Symbol: oleaut32_BSTR_UserSize
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromCy
Symbol: setupapi_SetupUninstallOEMInfW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_CloseKey
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalUnlock16
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvGetPreSetValue
Symbol: spoolss_ReallocSplMem
Symbol: odbcconf_CreateRegKeyBackupList
Symbol: odbcconf_AddFilterRunOnceExRegistrationToRegistry
Symbol: msvcp50__FEps
Symbol: mscms_TranslateColors
Symbol: icaapi_IcaChannelClose
Symbol: qdv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeFreeLdapObjects
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2TransformNormal
Symbol: crtdll__getw
Symbol: d3dim700_DestroyTexture
Symbol: msvcrt___RTCastToVoid
Symbol: user32_CallWindowProcW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptInitOIDFunctionSet
Symbol: crypt32_CertStrToNameA
Symbol: crypt32_CertNameToStrA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetSecurityDescriptorRMControl
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiSetThreadDebugObject
Symbol: winscard_SCardStatusW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiValidateHandle
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmSwapClientAllocFree
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLeftCharVar
Symbol: expsrv_rtcAppActivate
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__InitAsyncTrace
Symbol: hypertrm_InitInstance
Symbol: msvcp60__FEps
Symbol: ntshrui_IsPathSharedW
Symbol: riched20_IID_ITextHost2
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupMalloc
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddToSourceListW
Symbol: nview_NVApplyModeInfo
Symbol: nview_nViewInitialize
Symbol: tapi32_internalCreateDefLocation
Symbol: spoolss_EndDocPrinter
Symbol: setupdll_DoesDirExist
Symbol: netman_RasEventNotify
Symbol: netman_HrLanConnectionNameFromGuidOrPath
Symbol: msvcrt40__iob
Symbol: msvcrt40__eof
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRedimVar2
Symbol: hlink_HlinkIsShortcut
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetLinkCollectionNodes
Symbol: ftsrch_DecompressText
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropSetHwndWithTitle
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeToAdsTypeGeneralizedTime
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3TransformNormal
Symbol: crtdll_ftell
Symbol: user32_TrackMouseEvent
Symbol: user32_SetActiveWindow
Symbol: user32_GetGuiResources
Symbol: user32_CreateWindowExW
Symbol: ntdll_sscanf
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPrimaryKeysW
Symbol: catsrvut_RegDBRestore
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMidCharBstr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrVarVal
Symbol: comctl32_PropertySheet
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumForms
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetEntryPropertiesW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortSetInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupEnumInfSectionsW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInfoListDetailA
Symbol: msvcrt20_fabs
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetShareDel
Symbol: rasser_PortSetFraming
Symbol: psbase_SPSetProvParam
Symbol: odbcconf_SaveRegKeyBackupToFile
Symbol: odbcconf_ClosePendingRenameList
Symbol: msvcp50__Snan
Symbol: mprddm_DDMRegisterConnectionNotification
Symbol: fmifs_Extend
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateWriterPushSink
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymPrev
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrCpyAllocW
Symbol: wmi_WmiExecuteMethodW
Symbol: crtdll_srand
Symbol: crtdll_fopen
Symbol: crtdll_abort
Symbol: crypt32_CertFreeCertificateChain
Symbol: ntdll_memcmp
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenSemaphore
Symbol: esent_JetResetCounter
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetDescRec
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetWSAProtocolInfo
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarOpenSecret
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcStringBindingComposeA
Symbol: rpcrt4_GlobalMutexClearExternal
Symbol: wintrust_MsCatConstructHashTag
Symbol: expsrv_EbGetErrorInfo
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCopyStreamCBEndOnCRLF
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsPrefixW
Symbol: msvcp60__Snan
Symbol: winmm_mciDriverNotify
Symbol: kernel32_SetSystemTime
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemRegistryQuota
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Key_NameW
Symbol: msvcrt20_ceil
Symbol: wow32_GetCommShadowMSR
Symbol: wiashext_PropertySheetFromItem
Symbol: uxtheme_DrawThemeText
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCountryW
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpReceiveResponse
Symbol: msconf_VerifyUserInfo
Symbol: iassam_IASParmsSetUserProperty
Symbol: fmifs_Format
Symbol: avicap32_capCreateCaptureWindowA
Symbol: crtdll_fgets
Symbol: crtdll__exit
Symbol: syssetup_CdromPropPageProvider
Symbol: user32_MenuWindowProcA
Symbol: user32_IsWindowVisible
Symbol: user32_GetDlgItemTextW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptFreeTls
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamUnprepareHeader
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncGeneralizedTime
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransGetThreadEvent
Symbol: ole32_StgOpenAsyncDocfileOnIFillLockBytes
Symbol: samsrv_SamrSetInformationGroup
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrToAnsi
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcNameWithAccountA
Symbol: winmm_joyGetThreshold
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetPduData
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSEnumerateProcessesW
Symbol: imagehlp_EnumerateLoadedModules
Symbol: oleaut32_SysFreeString
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcPortEnum
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetMultiSzFieldW
Symbol: userenv_RefreshPolicy
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringFree
Symbol: swprv_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: spoolss_SpoolerFindClosePrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetProperties
Symbol: msvcrt40_fabs
Symbol: msvcp50__Sinh
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetSetting
Symbol: msi_MsiGetSourcePathW
Symbol: dmutil_TranslateError
Symbol: dbghelp_SymSetOptions
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymNext
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord1dv
Symbol: wsock32_EnumProtocolsA
Symbol: ntdll__CIpow
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDiagFieldA
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetStmtAttrW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncGeneralizedTime
Symbol: gdi32_GetViewportExtEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthClientW
Symbol: MSOERT2_WszGenerateNameFromBlob
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__TermAsyncTrace
Symbol: msdtclog_DllGetDTCLOG2
Symbol: msvcp60__Sinh
Symbol: HAL_WRITE_PORT_USHORT
Symbol: kernel32_RtlMoveMemory
Symbol: kernel32_IsWow64Process
Symbol: umdmxfrm_GetXformInfo
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetStatusW
Symbol: sti_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_ceil
Symbol: msvcp50__FExp
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetSetting
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalGetIpAddrTable
Symbol: glu32_gluDisk
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionCheckForData
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord2dv
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Length
Symbol: crtdll__stat
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxQueryExceptionSize
Symbol: crypt32_CertCloseStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetLastWin32ErrorAndNtStatusFromNtStatus
Symbol: ntdll_PfxRemovePrefix
Symbol: msdart_SetWindowLongI
Symbol: msacm32_XRegThunkEntry
Symbol: winscard_SCardLocateCardsByATRA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcFreeBuffer
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetProxyW
Symbol: msvcp60__FExp
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_ext_sA
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelQuery
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetImageCount
Symbol: printui_DocumentPropertiesWrap
Symbol: rasman_RasPortReserve
Symbol: msvcrt20_feof
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingLookupBeginW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetBinaryValue
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpDetectAutoProxyConfigUrl
Symbol: msvcp50__LEps
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRandomNext
Symbol: msi_MsiSetTargetPathW
Symbol: ieakeng_DeleteADMItemA
Symbol: esent97_JetStopService
Symbol: dciman32_WinWatchDidStatusChange
Symbol: dbghelp_SymRegisterFunctionEntryCallback
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord1fv
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Length
Symbol: msvcrt_fread
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizCreateCertRequestNoDS
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSuspendThread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReleaseMutant
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFsControlFile
Symbol: SQLSRV32_ConfigDriverW
Symbol: gdi32_Polygon
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsSwapClientAllocFree
Symbol: expsrv_EbResetProject
Symbol: olecli32_MfCallbackFunc
Symbol: anvioctl_ASHELL_GetHardwareInfo
Symbol: cdm_DownloadIsInternetAvailable
Symbol: msvcp60__LEps
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumTypes
Symbol: kernel32_SetNamedPipeHandleState
Symbol: kernel32_LocalFileTimeToFileTime
Symbol: kernel32_FileTimeToLocalFileTime
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvDocumentProperties
Symbol: w32topl_ToplListCreate
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinter
Symbol: rtm_RtmRegisterClient
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingImportBeginW
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentitySetFriendlyName
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRandomNext
Symbol: msi_MsiSummaryInfoGetPropertyA
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalCoord2fv
Symbol: adptif_IpxDeleteAdapterConfigurationPort
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Length
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpFixMsiPackageExe
Symbol: crtdll_ldexp
Symbol: msvcrt__logb
Symbol: user32_GetKeyNameTextW
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceDelete
Symbol: ntdll__ultoa
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCompareTokens
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRegisterWait
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetLdtEntries
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLDisconnect
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intxisuint32
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecGeneralizedTime
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: gdi32_SetViewportOrgEx
Symbol: gdi32_IsValidEnhMetaRecordOffExt
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetDateBstr
Symbol: MSOERT2_WriteStreamToFileHandle
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetWkstaResetDfsCache
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetPitch
Symbol: advapi32_AllocateLocallyUniqueId
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTree_ExW
Symbol: usrfaxa_Data_TaskInit1
Symbol: msvcrt20_labs
Symbol: msvcrt20_free
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxResetChunk
Symbol: msvcrt40_feof
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCurrentDir
Symbol: modemui_UnimodemDevConfigDialog
Symbol: jet500_JetOpenTempTable
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ReadRecordStructureFromPacket
Symbol: adptif_IpxCreateAdapterConfigurationPort
Symbol: syssetup_AsrRestorePlugPlayRegistryData
Symbol: user32_IsHungAppWindow
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceCreate
Symbol: wsock32_rexec
Symbol: ntdll_wcscat
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_POLICY_INFORMATION
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrDllGetClassObject
Symbol: mpr_WNetEnumResourceA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCommandBstr
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetHostLCID
Symbol: MSOERT2_OpenFileStreamWithFlags
Symbol: INETWH32_Inet
Symbol: itss_DllMain
Symbol: riched20_REExtendedRegisterClass
Symbol: samlib_SamRemoveMultipleMembersFromAlias
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Open_DevNode_Key_Ex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_ID_ExA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SEMReset
Symbol: usrfaxa_Data_TaskInit2
Symbol: msvcrt20_log10
Symbol: msvcrt20_getc
Symbol: nview_WMGetWindowCaps
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_InitHelperDll
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCurrentDir
Symbol: mspatcha_GetFilePatchSignatureA
Symbol: lprhelp_GetShortQueue
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpReleaseSound
Symbol: jet500_JetSetIndexRange
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumOptionValuesV5
Symbol: user32_GetWindowRgnBox
Symbol: wmp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_ZwExtendSection
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetCurrentEnvironment
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDllShutdownInProgress
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhCreateDatagramSocket
Symbol: samsrv_SamrQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetNetworkInformationW
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetLastErrorA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDateFromVar
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetFileAttr
Symbol: URLMON_IsAsyncMoniker
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapRelease
Symbol: hypertrm_sessQueryTranslateHdl
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetOpenStatus
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sasl_bindA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_extended_operationW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Custom_PropertyA
Symbol: msvcrt20_atan
Symbol: msctf_TF_UnregisterLangBarAddIn
Symbol: w32topl_ToplHeapInsert
Symbol: ir50_qcx_CompressQuery
Symbol: setupdll_GetProcessor
Symbol: msvcrt40_labs
Symbol: msvcrt40_free
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSetTimeVar
Symbol: jet500_JetPrepareUpdate
Symbol: glmf32_glsUpdateCaptureExecTable
Symbol: duser_DUserPostMethod
Symbol: d3dxof_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontStatusW
Symbol: wuaueng_WUAutoUpdateAtShutdown
Symbol: crtdll__rotl
Symbol: user32_SetWindowsHookA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReplyWaitReceivePortEx
Symbol: ntdll_NtDisplayString
Symbol: winscard_SCardAddReaderToGroupA
Symbol: MSOERT2_PVDecodeObject
Symbol: imgutil_CreateDDrawSurfaceOnDIB
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationAccessCheck
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_CopyBmiAndBitsToImage
Symbol: oleaut32_CreateTypeLib2
Symbol: msvcrt20_rand
Symbol: nview_PMLoad
Symbol: ufat_Recover
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilResourcesEqual
Symbol: msvcrt40_log10
Symbol: msvcrt40_getc
Symbol: msvcp50__LExp
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSetTimeVar
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropSetHwnd
Symbol: dmutil_LowNtWriteFile
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventLogon
Symbol: wmi_WmiSetSingleItemW
Symbol: user32_MonitorFromRect
Symbol: user32_GetInputDesktop
Symbol: cscdll_CSCIsCSCEnabled
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDumpResource
Symbol: esent_JetComputeStats
Symbol: ODBC32_OpenODBCPerfData
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecTableCharString
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFileDescriptionW
Symbol: gdi32_DeleteEnhMetaFile
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsManagerInitialize
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerReqChallenge
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetDeleteRasConnection
Symbol: msvcp60__LExp
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetNumDevs
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_err2string
Symbol: msv1_0_LsaApCallPackage
Symbol: usrrtosa_StreamSelect
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TSKSleep
Symbol: msvcrt20_modf
Symbol: msvcrt20_fmod
Symbol: msvcrt20_acos
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphValidateDeferredRecords
Symbol: odbcconf_BackupCatalog
Symbol: msvcrt40_atan
Symbol: msvcp50__Stod
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarFromVar
Symbol: crtdll_fputc
Symbol: crtdll_floor
Symbol: crtdll__wtoi
Symbol: crtdll__itow
Symbol: msvcrt__lock
Symbol: msvcrt__HUGE
Symbol: user32_GetMonitorInfoW
Symbol: idq_HttpExtensionProc
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyOutOfProcessMemoryStreamTo
Symbol: ntdll_PfxInsertPrefix
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetAvailableDriversW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_FreeDecoded
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarOpenPolicy
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrCorrelationInitialize
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATPutMemberInfo
Symbol: URLMON_URLOpenStreamA
Symbol: MSOEACCT_CreateAccountsFromFile
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonGetDomainInfo
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLStatistics
Symbol: msvcp60__Stod
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_sort_control
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumePathNamesForVolumeNameA
Symbol: localspl_SplLoadLibraryTheCopyFileModule
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenLog
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Next_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: untfs_Chkdsk
Symbol: npptools_RaiseNMEvent
Symbol: msvcrt40_rand
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarFromVar
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetAssetInfo
Symbol: esent97_JetCreateIndex2
Symbol: msvcrt_fgetc
Symbol: crypt32_RegSetValueExU
Symbol: ntdll_wcschr
Symbol: ntdll___eFLD1
Symbol: ntdll_NtResumeProcess
Symbol: esent_JetGotoPosition
Symbol: rpcrt4_double_from_ndr
Symbol: ole32_HENHMETAFILE_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: mtxoci_oexec
Symbol: WININET_InternetOpenW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocQueryStringByKeyW
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateBackupRestorer
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupAddMembers
Symbol: kernel32_RtlZeroMemory
Symbol: kernel32_InvalidateConsoleDIBits
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIOFlush
Symbol: msvcrt20__local_unwind2
Symbol: msvcrt20__dup
Symbol: synceng_RemoveTwinFromTwinList
Symbol: rtm_RtmAddRouteToDest
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupFreeMem
Symbol: ntmarta_AccGetInheritanceSource
Symbol: msvcrt40_modf
Symbol: msvcrt40_fmod
Symbol: msvcrt40_acos
Symbol: msvcrt40__inp
Symbol: msvcp50__Stof
Symbol: glu32_gluBuild1DMipmaps
Symbol: esentprf_CollectPerformanceData
Symbol: dmutil_DynamicSupport
Symbol: digest_QueryContextAttributesW
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionCheckForData
Symbol: dbghelp_SymFunctionTableAccess64
Symbol: msvcrt__inpd
Symbol: user32_SetWinEventHook
Symbol: ntdll_memset
Symbol: ntdll_memcpy
Symbol: ntdll_ZwGetWriteWatch
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDescFieldA
Symbol: msdart_GetWindowTextI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Sibling
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharABCWidthsA
Symbol: clbcatq_GetSimpleTableDispenser
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthInfoExW
Symbol: msvcp60__Stof
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalAddAtomA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateMemoryResourceNotification
Symbol: VBAME_CreateCaretBiVBA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_DevNode_Problem
Symbol: msctf_TF_UninitSystem
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetLoggingCategoriesA
Symbol: untfs_InitializeUntfs
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltInqBeginW
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAInputSegment
Symbol: glu32_gluBuild2DMipmaps
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIGetObjectAttributes
Symbol: crtdll_frexp
Symbol: crtdll__wtol
Symbol: crtdll__ltow
Symbol: msvcrt_scanf
Symbol: user32_SetDlgItemTextW
Symbol: user32_PostQuitMessage
Symbol: user32_LockWorkStation
Symbol: ntdll_wcslen
Symbol: ntdll__wtoi64
Symbol: ntdll__i64tow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseEnumerate
Symbol: msdart_PropertySheetI
Symbol: mtxoci_oflng
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCheckPointCryptoW
Symbol: anvioctl_GetD3dStereoSettingsEx
Symbol: atl_AtlGetObjectSourceInterface
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertSelectCertificateA
Symbol: winmm_joySetThreshold
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamBeginStreaming
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Request_Eject_PC_Ex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Reenumerate_DevNode
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Resource_Conflict_List
Symbol: msvcrt20_atof
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupAdd
Symbol: w32topl_ToplSTHeapInit
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphSetProperties
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupAddRecord
Symbol: msvcrt40__local_unwind2
Symbol: msvcrt40__dup
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcEnvironVar
Symbol: atmlib_ATMXYShowTextA
Symbol: asfsipc_MySIPCreateIndirectData
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildADsParentPathFromObjectInfo2
Symbol: crtdll__rotr
Symbol: msvcrt_clock
Symbol: msvcrt__swab
Symbol: msvcrt__itoa
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgSelectStoreW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSignHashU
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgUpdate
Symbol: ntdll_wcscmp
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetStmtAttrW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncFlushBlkElement
Symbol: gdi32_SetViewportExtEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorClearInformation
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClientContextMarshall
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_IsIIDSupported
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATEnumerateAttr
Symbol: ws2help_WahCloseThread
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCompareBstr
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIGetReadMail
Symbol: sxs_SxspRunDllDeleteDirectoryW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInitDefaultQueueCallbackEx
Symbol: msvcrt20_tanh
Symbol: msvcrt20_asin
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrinterExW
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphOpen
Symbol: nwprovau_NwQueryGatewayAccount
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcEnvironVar
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDInputStream
Symbol: msvcrt__pipe
Symbol: user32_InsertMenuItemW
Symbol: crypt32_CertRegisterSystemStore
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceConnect
Symbol: msdart_VerQueryValueI
Symbol: schannel_OpenSslPerformanceData
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncGeneralizedTime
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonEncapsulatedUnionMemorySize
Symbol: ole32_CoGetCancelObject
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetProxyW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerPasswordSet2
Symbol: advapi32_RegNotifyChangeKeyValue
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetImageCount
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageNtHeader
Symbol: msv1_0_LsaApCallPackageUntrusted
Symbol: samlib_SamRemoveMemberFromAlias
Symbol: psbase_SPEnumSubtypes
Symbol: perfctrs_OpenNbfPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_atof
Symbol: msvcp50_wctob
Symbol: msvcp50_btowc
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGetOwner3
Symbol: jet500_JetGetColumnInfo
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsWriteClassDefinition
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixPerspectiveOffCenterLH
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpUpdateCacheEntry
Symbol: syssetup_SetupGetLocaleOptions
Symbol: msvcrt_mblen
Symbol: msvcrt_fseek
Symbol: msvcrt__global_unwind2
Symbol: user32_DdeQueryStringW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlPrefixString
Symbol: esent_JetDeleteColumn2
Symbol: h323msp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mswsock_rcmd
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingSetAuthInfoExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_CountRefs
Symbol: MSOERT2_DeleteTempFile
Symbol: msvcp60_wctob
Symbol: msvcp60_btowc
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSFreeMemory
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiPopulateDefaultsInRegistry
Symbol: advapi32_AddAccessDeniedObjectAce
Symbol: kernel32_CallNamedPipeA
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumPorts
Symbol: msvcrt20_cosh
Symbol: msvcrt20_atoi
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvShareLists
Symbol: msvcrt40_tanh
Symbol: msvcrt40_asin
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGetOwner3
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGetOwner4
Symbol: msi_MsiSummaryInfoSetPropertyA
Symbol: msi_MsiSetExternalUIW
Symbol: atkctrs_CloseAtkPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt__ltoa
Symbol: user32_KillSystemTimer
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceGetInfo
Symbol: netui1_MNetFileGetInfo
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallDriverManager
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSetDateBstr
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateTempFile
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIEStop
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathSkipRootW
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateWriterFileSink
Symbol: regapi_WaitForTSConnectionsPolicyChanges
Symbol: srclient_SRPrintState
Symbol: vdmredir_VrAddOpenNamedPipeInfo
Symbol: winmm_waveOutSetPitch
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_vlv_controlW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_sA
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpFreeEntity
Symbol: avifil32_AVIMakeCompressedStream
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SEMATTRS
Symbol: nview_PMLock
Symbol: sensapi_IsDestinationReachableW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGetOwner4
Symbol: shell32_ExtractAssociatedIconExA
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEGetConnectionStatus
Symbol: msvcrt__tell
Symbol: user32_MapWindowPoints
Symbol: ntdll_strcat
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetElementGenericTable
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUserMarshalBufferSize
Symbol: wups_DllMain
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleDnsNameToFlatName
Symbol: imm32_ImmDisableTextFrameService
Symbol: secur32_QueryContextAttributesW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasCreateChildAppItem
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_sort_controlA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymFunctionTableAccess
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQuerySourceListA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIOIssue
Symbol: msvcrt20_time
Symbol: msvcrt20_ldiv
Symbol: nview_DMStoreSettings
Symbol: sqlwid__ttof
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetNextHopInfo
Symbol: pdh_PdhConnectMachineA
Symbol: nwprovau_NwGetService
Symbol: msvcrt40_cosh
Symbol: msvcrt40_atoi
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1ErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaObjAddref
Symbol: ieakeng_BToolbar_SaveA
Symbol: msvcrt__open
Symbol: msvcrt__ecvt
Symbol: drprov_NPEnumResource
Symbol: esent_JetSnapshotStop
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Resource_Conflict_DetailsA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncTableCharString
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMapCommAndFaultStatus
Symbol: mpr_WNetSetLastErrorA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcAppleScript
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSetFileAttr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrFixstr
Symbol: psapi_EmptyWorkingSet
Symbol: umpnpmgr_ServiceEntry
Symbol: advapi32_GetNamedSecurityInfoExA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromUI1
Symbol: msvcrt20_atol
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplPrimaryPop
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceRemoveA
Symbol: spoolss_SpoolerFindFirstPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: spoolss_DllFreeSplStr
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminDirectoryGetInfo
Symbol: scredir_SCardForgetReaderGroupA
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListAddNode
Symbol: msvcp50__Poly
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1ErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaObjAddref
Symbol: msvcrt_ctime
Symbol: msvcrt__fcvt
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptInstallAsn1Module
Symbol: crypt32_CertStrToNameW
Symbol: crypt32_CertNameToStrW
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindCertificateInCRL
Symbol: wsock32_ntohl
Symbol: wsock32_htonl
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetLdtEntries
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySystemInformation
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_FreeEncoded
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharABCWidthsI
Symbol: gdi32_CreateColorSpaceA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUserMarshalUnmarshall
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareEnumA
Symbol: asustips_SetHintColor
Symbol: msvcp60__Poly
Symbol: winmm_midiOutShortMsg
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_stA
Symbol: kernel32_GetEnvironmentVariableA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromUI2
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexFree
Symbol: msvcrt40_time
Symbol: msvcrt40_ldiv
Symbol: autodisc_AddEmailToAutoComplete
Symbol: msvcrt__gcvt
Symbol: user32_WindowFromPoint
Symbol: SQLSRV32_WizDSNDlgProc
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarLookupSids
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrVerifyCertEnhKeyUsage
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_value_free
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInfoListDetailW
Symbol: msvcrt20_sinh
Symbol: utildll_QueryCurrentWinStation
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityDelete
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSpecialColumns
Symbol: msvcrt40_atol
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcStringBstr
Symbol: iprop_PropVariantCopy
Symbol: duser_PrintTransition
Symbol: dbghelp_FindFileInPath
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixPerspectiveOffCenterRH
Symbol: msvcrt_raise
Symbol: msvcrt__ftol
Symbol: user32_ShowWindowAsync
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceTransportGetInfo
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplImportDirGetInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcStringBindingComposeW
Symbol: samsrv_SamrRemoveMemberFromForeignDomain
Symbol: sfc_SRSetRestorePoint
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetTimeBstr
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrGetDisplayNameWithSizeForFile
Symbol: anvioctl_LCDCTL_Enable
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertToAutoInheritPrivateObjectSecurity
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromUI4
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: msvcrt20_gets
Symbol: spoolss_AdjustPointersInStructuresArray
Symbol: scredir_SCardAccessStartedEvent
Symbol: sccbase_CPGetHashParam
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityCreate
Symbol: p2p_PeerEndEnumeration
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListGetHead
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcStringBstr
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumMScopeElements
Symbol: avicap32_capCreateCaptureWindowW
Symbol: crtdll__putw
Symbol: user32_MenuWindowProcW
Symbol: ntdll_strchr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDisplayString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnlargedUnsignedDivide
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryValueKey
Symbol: esent_JetCreateTableColumnIndex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecUnsignedInteger
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupDelMembers
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcNameWithAccountW
Symbol: lame_enc_beCloseStream
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIOATTRS
Symbol: nview_PMSave
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeSetVtx
Symbol: spoolss_ReallocSplStr
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilEnumProperties
Symbol: ntsdexts_gle
Symbol: msvcrt40_sinh
Symbol: ieakeng_ResetAdmFilesA
Symbol: ieakeng_BToolbar_InitA
Symbol: shell32_SHChangeNotifyDeregister
Symbol: msvcrt__getw
Symbol: user32_IsMenu
Symbol: wsock32_EnumProtocolsW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetDescFieldA
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDiagFieldW
Symbol: msdart_SetWindowTextI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecZeroChar32String
Symbol: mtxoci_oopen
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonNewChangeLog
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupGenerateTemplate
Symbol: advapi32_SetEntriesInAccessListA
Symbol: advapi32_RegReplaceKeyA
Symbol: advapi32_OpenSCManagerA
Symbol: advapi32_AddUsersToEncryptedFile
Symbol: kernel32_GetLogicalDriveStringsA
Symbol: kernel32_ClearCommBreak
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dColorChange
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetLoggingCategoriesA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetConnectAttr
Symbol: msvcrt40_gets
Symbol: modemui_UnimodemGetExtendedCaps
Symbol: shell32_DragAcceptFiles
Symbol: shell32_DAD_DragEnterEx
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSISetObjectAttributes
Symbol: msvcrt_ftell
Symbol: ntdll_strlen
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Remove_SubTree
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_First_Range
Symbol: winscard_SCardLocateCardsByATRW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarIndexLoadRefLock
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSaveSetting
Symbol: mscoree_GetHashFromAssemblyFile
Symbol: anvioctl_SetD3dStereoSettingsEx
Symbol: cdm_CancelCDMOperation
Symbol: secur32_AddCredentialsA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_ext_sW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_explode_dn
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetTimeout
Symbol: advapi32_PrivilegeCheck
Symbol: advapi32_CredEnumerateA
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxOpenCursor
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupDel
Symbol: tapi32_lineCreateAgentA
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyBusType
Symbol: rsmps_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcStrReverse
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcStrFromVar
Symbol: ieakeng_DeleteADMItemW
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateFileExtractIconW
Symbol: crtdll_fputs
Symbol: msvcrt_srand
Symbol: msvcrt_fopen
Symbol: msvcrt_abort
Symbol: crypt32_CloseCertPerformanceData
Symbol: ntdll_wcscpy
Symbol: ntdll_strcmp
Symbol: ntdll_ZwResumeProcess
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeGenericTable
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDescribeParam
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecZeroChar16String
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DoDACAdvanced
Symbol: mscoree_ReleaseFusionInterfaces
Symbol: atl_AtlAxCreateDialogA
Symbol: psapi_QueryWorkingSet
Symbol: riched20_IID_IRichEditOleCallback
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_ext
Symbol: advapi32_GetOldestEventLogRecord
Symbol: advapi32_CreateServiceA
Symbol: kernel32_ValidateLocale
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleHardwareState
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromUI8
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_VSPrintf
Symbol: untfs_Extend
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvSetKeySecurity
Symbol: setupdll_SumListItems
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmChangeNotification
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcStrFromVar
Symbol: msi_MsiSummaryInfoGetPropertyW
Symbol: shell32_SheChangeDirExA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumOptionValuesV5DS
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgIsGlobalDNS
Symbol: adsldpc_FreeObjectInfo
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCreateSurfaceEx
Symbol: msvcrt_fgets
Symbol: msvcrt__exit
Symbol: wsock32_ntohs
Symbol: wsock32_htons
Symbol: ntdll__ultow
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetSystemTime
Symbol: ntdll_LdrEnumerateLoadedModules
Symbol: ole32_CoSetCancelObject
Symbol: wintrust_HTTPSCertificateTrust
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsDeleteExitPoint
Symbol: url_OpenURLA
Symbol: advapi32_MapGenericMask
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Read
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadIdealProcessor
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileRelease
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddSectionToDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_ExA
Symbol: untfs_Format
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigDialog
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcStrConvVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGetFxStr3
Symbol: msi_MsiCreateAndVerifyInstallerDirectory
Symbol: jet500_JetIdle
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpNetTableFromStack
Symbol: shell32_FindExecutableA
Symbol: syssetup_SetupSetAdminPassword
Symbol: syssetup_SetupOobeBnk
Symbol: msvcrt_getwc
Symbol: msvcrt___lc_collate_cp
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileRead
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLReadFileDSN
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREoid_free
Symbol: mpr_WNetEnumResourceW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLeftTrimVar
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsCreateExitPoint
Symbol: advapi32_MSChapSrvChangePassword
Symbol: advapi32_GetKernelObjectSecurity
Symbol: advapi32_ElfRegisterEventSourceA
Symbol: kernel32_SetInformationJobObject
Symbol: printui_bPrinterSetup
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_ID_ExW
Symbol: wiadss_FindImportDSByDeviceName
Symbol: rasctrs_CloseRasPerformanceData
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLAllocHandle
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcStrConvVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGetFxStr3
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInputCount
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdivr_m32i
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGetFxStr4
Symbol: mspatcha_GetFilePatchSignatureW
Symbol: msisip_MsiSIPCreateIndirectData
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportADMFileA
Symbol: msvcrt__stat
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceSetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_wcstol
Symbol: netui1_MxAllocSaveargs
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirGetInfo
Symbol: schannel_InitSecurityInterfaceA
Symbol: gdi32_CreatePenIndirect
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaVerifyObjectsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingReset
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetLastErrorW
Symbol: cryptdlg_GetFriendlyNameOfCertA
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerAuthenticate
Symbol: imm32_CtfAImmDeactivate
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sasl_bindW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_ext
Symbol: kernel32_GetLocaleInfoA
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleSelectionInfo
Symbol: rasapi32_SharedAccessResponseStringToList
Symbol: rasapi32_SharedAccessResponseListToString
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Custom_PropertyW
Symbol: msvcrt20_exit
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdivr_m32i
Symbol: msvcrt20___threadhandle
Symbol: nview_PMEnum
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaGetScheduleA
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdivr_m32i
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInputCount
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGetFxStr4
Symbol: mfc40_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: jgaw400_JgASet
Symbol: user32_SetWindowsHookW
Symbol: srrstr_PrepareRestore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNewSecurityObjectWithMultipleInheritance
Symbol: winscard_SCardAddReaderToGroupW
Symbol: advpack_CloseINFEngine
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrFillRasCombo
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxWinStationInitialize
Symbol: regapi_RegCdEnumerateA
Symbol: advapi32_IdentifyCodeAuthzLevelW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TSKATTRS
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventLogon
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCallInfoA
Symbol: p2pnetsh_InitHelperDll
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListGetData
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdivr_m16i
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetIfNameFromFriendlyName
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetFriendlyNameFromIfName
Symbol: glu32_gluNurbsProperty
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDCreateNew
Symbol: msvcrt_ldexp
Symbol: msvcrt__inpw
Symbol: user32_SwapMouseButton
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigGetFriendlyName
Symbol: ntdll_wcsspn
Symbol: ODBC32_CursorLibLockDbc
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetEnvAttr
Symbol: cdm_DetFilesDownloaded
Symbol: dxmrtp_AudioGetRenderDeviceInfo
Symbol: netapi32_DsAddressToSiteNamesExA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_rename_ext
Symbol: advapi32_TraceMessageVa
Symbol: advapi32_SetNamedSecurityInfoExA
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleInputExeNameA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasFreeEapUserIdentityA
Symbol: msvcrt20_putc
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdivr_m16i
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvSetContext
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminDirectorySetInfo
Symbol: setupdll_SetupStrncmp
Symbol: security_RevertSecurityContext
Symbol: p2p_PeerEnumIdentities
Symbol: msvcrt40_exit
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdivr_m32i
Symbol: msvcrt40___threadhandle
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdivr_m16i
Symbol: mfc42_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: jet500_JetGetCursorInfo
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetAllOptionValues
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetCountryNameA
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapOpenObject
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmClientFree
Symbol: URLMON_URLOpenStreamW
Symbol: MSOERT2_FBuildTempPath
Symbol: cabinet_FCIFlushFolder
Symbol: query_DoneFILTERPerformanceData
Symbol: advapi32_ClearEventLogA
Symbol: kernel32_SetEnvironmentVariableA
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumePathNamesForVolumeNameW
Symbol: nvcpl_NvQueryMenuInit
Symbol: sqlunirl_ConvertMultiSZNameToW
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlDwordDup
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDriverConnectW
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCSetContext
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnetElements
Symbol: adsldpc_ReadPagingSupportedAttr
Symbol: crtdll_qsort
Symbol: msvcrt__wtof
Symbol: user32_DefMDIChildProcA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetDefaultOIDFunctionAddress
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncUnsignedInteger
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedUIntx
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncEndBlk
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecDouble
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcClearMutex
Symbol: advapi32_ImpersonateLoggedOnUser
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_UserMarshal
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromUI1
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Find_Range
Symbol: wow32_WOWGetVDMPointer
Symbol: encdec_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingUnexportPnPA
Symbol: msvcrt40_putc
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdivr_m16i
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgSetInstallSourcePath
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdUnattachSurface
Symbol: msvcrt__rotl
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceTransportSetInfo
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileFree
Symbol: pstorsvc_ServiceEntry
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDescFieldW
Symbol: gdi32_GetLogColorSpaceA
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharABCWidthsW
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateFromData
Symbol: comsvcs_CoVerifyTrust
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSetTimeBstr
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupGetMembers
Symbol: msxml2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kernel32_IsDBCSLeadByte
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalAddAtomW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromUI2
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_Class_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetLoggingCategoriesW
Symbol: security_DeleteSecurityPackageA
Symbol: sccbase_CPSetHashParam
Symbol: rtm_RtmRegisterEntity
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListAddNode
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaOnGoCheck
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkD3dContextDestroy
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadMsiTransformInfo
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySystemInformation
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: ole32_StgGetIFillLockBytesOnFile
Symbol: samsrv_SamINT4UpgradeInProgress
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertSelectCertificateW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpStoreIntialDcRecord
Symbol: msxml3_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayCreateVectorEx
Symbol: rasman_RasGetConnectionUserData
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupQueryMultiSzValueToArray
Symbol: odbcconf_SetActionName
Symbol: nwprovau_LsaApInitializePackage
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaOnGoCheck
Symbol: ieakeng_ModifyAuthCode
Symbol: atmlib_ATMXYShowTextW
Symbol: crtdll__open_osfhandle
Symbol: msvcrt_fputc
Symbol: msvcrt_floor
Symbol: msvcrt__wtoi
Symbol: msvcrt__itow
Symbol: msvcrt__aligned_malloc
Symbol: user32_ShowOwnedPopups
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizSubmitCertRequestNoDS
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddEncodedCRLToStore
Symbol: ntdll_CsrAllocateMessagePointer
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplGetInfo
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecCloseNotifyHandle
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncCheckExtensions
Symbol: advapi32_EqualDomainSid
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromUI4
Symbol: avifil32_IID_IAVIStream
Symbol: wlnotify_UnregisterTicketExpiredNotificationEvent
Symbol: shimeng_SE_DllUnloaded
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminConnect
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctProviderTerminate
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupGetRecord
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetConnectAttr
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDsCleanup
Symbol: cscdll_CSCCopyReplicaA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptAcquireCertificatePrivateKey
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceTransportRemove
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_HW_Prof
Symbol: gdi32_CreateEllipticRgn
Symbol: MSOERT2_OpenFileStream
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIAllocateMore
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetTimeout
Symbol: kernel32_OpenJobObjectA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI1FromDisp
Symbol: rasman_RasSecurityDialogReceive
Symbol: samlib_SamiLmChangePasswordUser
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Register_Device_Interface_ExA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerPasswordSet
Symbol: nview_WMStoreSettings
Symbol: utildll_RegGetNetworkDeviceName
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLBulkOperations
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLFetch
Symbol: odbcconf_CreateInfList
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListGetHead
Symbol: mscms_GetColorProfileFromHandle
Symbol: jet500_JetSeek
Symbol: ieakeng_DisplayADMItem
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetUsageValue
Symbol: dmband_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_BuildPacket
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpAddServer
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProperties_RunDLLA
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddEncodedCTLToStore
Symbol: ntdll_strcpy
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryValueKey
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBindParameter
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroChar32String
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry0
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerContextMarshall
Symbol: advpack_DelNodeRunDLL32
Symbol: MSOERT2_GetHtmlCharset
Symbol: cdm_FindMatchingDriver
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleRevokeClassObjects
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_values
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrValidateMessageBuffer
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleHardwareState
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterWowBaseHandlers
Symbol: kernel32_CallNamedPipeW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI2FromDisp
Symbol: rasman_RasBundleClearStatistics
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexInit
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetMediaMode
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentActivityListA
Symbol: oleacc_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLBrowseConnectW
Symbol: odbcconf_GetPathFromID
Symbol: netcfgx_RasAddBindings
Symbol: msi_MsiSummaryInfoSetPropertyW
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2dv
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIFreeColumn
Symbol: msvcrt_frexp
Symbol: msvcrt__wtol
Symbol: msvcrt__ltow
Symbol: activeds_ReallocADsMem
Symbol: ntdll_wcsstr
Symbol: mf3216_Mf3216DllInitialize
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaICallPackage
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry1
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexStructMarshall
Symbol: advpack_AdvInstallFile
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATOpen
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_sW
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQuerySingleInstanceA
Symbol: usrcntra_CheckOffHookRestricted
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHGetWildcardSockaddr
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplOpkSupport
Symbol: p2pGraph_pMemoryHelper
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFileClose
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIReadMail
Symbol: shell32_ExtractAssociatedIconExW
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3dv
Symbol: netui2_EnumUserBrowserSelection
Symbol: msvcrt__rotr
Symbol: netui1_MxMapParameters
Symbol: esent_JetCloseDatabase
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroChar16String
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecLength
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry2
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateFromFile
Symbol: expsrv_rtcEnvironBstr
Symbol: SHDOCVW_SHGetIDispatchForFolder
Symbol: qcap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_sort_controlW
Symbol: advapi32_SetKernelObjectSecurity
Symbol: advapi32_MakeAbsoluteSD
Symbol: comctl32_CreatePropertySheetPage
Symbol: kernel32_GetDateFormatA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateToolhelp32Snapshot
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromBool
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromUI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI4FromDisp
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQuerySourceListW
Symbol: usrdtea_DTE_Get_DB_Ptr
Symbol: xactsrv_XsI_NetNameCanonicalize
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressID
Symbol: setupdll_GetHardDriveTotalSpace
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindSzProperty
Symbol: pdh_PdhConnectMachineW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFileClose
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPutOwner3
Symbol: ieakeng_BrowseForFileA
Symbol: ieakeng_BToolbar_SaveW
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4dv
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2fv
Symbol: msvcrt__outp
Symbol: user32_GetClipboardData
Symbol: ntdll_strtol
Symbol: ntdll_NlsMbCodePageTag
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirSetInfo
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetInstalledDriversW
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLNativeSqlW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Resource_Conflict_DetailsW
Symbol: rtutils_QueueWorkItem
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextFaceAliasW
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry3
Symbol: gdi32_CancelDC
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrXmitOrRepAsBufferSize
Symbol: ole32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ole32_CreateStdProgressIndicator
Symbol: ole32_CreateFileMoniker
Symbol: mpr_WNetSetLastErrorW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdCall
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssContentHintDecodeEx
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawCreate
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidRangeFloat
Symbol: advapi32_GetNamedSecurityInfoExW
Symbol: kernel32_WaitNamedPipeA
Symbol: kernel32_SetLocaleInfoA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_Info_ExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Resource_Conflict_Handle
Symbol: traffic_TcDeleteFilter
Symbol: streamci_StreamingDeviceRemoveW
Symbol: security_ExportSecurityContext
Symbol: scredir_SCardForgetReaderGroupW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetCursorNameW
Symbol: odbcconf_ExecuteAction
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPutOwner3
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPutOwner4
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3fv
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGUIDToCodecID
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadEntryInformation
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadBYTETag
Symbol: crtdll__getdllprocaddr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetSystemTime
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SelectTransDlg
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallODBC
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Version
Symbol: gdi32_GetMetaFileBitsEx
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry4
Symbol: gdi32_CreateColorSpaceW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFullPointerQueryRefId
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareEnumW
Symbol: URLMON_RevokeBindStatusCallback
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetChangedValueStr
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_stW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaLookupPrivilegeValue
Symbol: kernel32_GetEnvironmentVariableW
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstFileA
Symbol: kernel32_CloseProfileUserMapping
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenDeviceInfoA
Symbol: msr2c_DllMain
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dSubclassDlg
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvConvertSysRootToUserDir
Symbol: traffic_TcGetFlowNameA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetDevConfig
Symbol: tapi32_lineCompleteCall
Symbol: tapi32_lineAddProviderA
Symbol: perfctrs_OpenIPXPerformanceData
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListSetData
Symbol: netshell_HrGetIconFromMediaType
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPutOwner4
Symbol: duser_InvalidateGadget
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4fv
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetSyntaxOfAttributeOnServer
Symbol: ntdll_strspn
Symbol: netui1_MNetServiceEnum
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetEnvAttr
Symbol: winscard_SCardListReaderGroupsA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedUIntx
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncDouble
Symbol: gdi32_EnumFontFamiliesA
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry5
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtInqIfIds
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorResetEnumeration
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrXmitOrRepAsUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv_rtCyFromErrVar
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszScanToCharA
Symbol: inetcfg_SetInternetPhoneNumberA
Symbol: regapi_RegPdEnumerateA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_DisplayImage
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleInputExeNameA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserEnum
Symbol: synceng_CloseBriefcase
Symbol: spoolss_SplPowerEvent
Symbol: spoolss_ResetPrinterW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetDiagRecW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupGetLocalDataField
Symbol: npptools_WriteCrackedBlobToFile
Symbol: mp43dmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: mscms_GetColorProfileElementTag
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctProviderTerminate
Symbol: jet500_JetRetrieveQoSql
Symbol: iphlpapi_Icmp6SendEcho2
Symbol: dciman32_DCISetClipList
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2iv
Symbol: adptif_GetAdapterNameW
Symbol: apphelp_ShimFlushCache
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundCaptureCreate
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSAnnounceLicensePack
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminServerDisconnect
Symbol: ntdll_NtAllocateLocallyUniqueId
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetWildcardSockaddr
Symbol: gdi32_RemoveFontResourceTracking
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry6
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsIsMangledDnA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtIsServerListening
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransConnectionAllocatePacket
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_Enable
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetAccessAdd
Symbol: netapi32_NetpLocalTimeZoneOffset
Symbol: scecli_SceUpdateSecurityProfile
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUI8FromDisp
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: tapi32_phoneDevSpecific
Symbol: rend_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbGetCounterPathElements
Symbol: npptools_SubkeyExists
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordClearData
Symbol: wmadmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3iv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMSelectObject
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetMenuNameA
Symbol: adsldpc_InitObjectInfo
Symbol: adsldpc_GetDisplayName
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBServerConnect
Symbol: ntdll_LdrProcessRelocationBlock
Symbol: ODBC32_SearchStatusCode
Symbol: msdart_MpGetHeapHandle
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry7
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetTypeFlags
Symbol: olecli32_ConnectDlgProc
Symbol: olecli32_OleGetLinkUpdateOptions
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCopyStreamCB
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_EnumRefreshRate
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Draw
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileGetLine
Symbol: msvcrt20_sqrt
Symbol: msvcrt20__get_osfhandle
Symbol: winstrm_poll
Symbol: traffic_TcSetInterface
Symbol: rsaenh_CPDuplicateHash
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeMulNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeMulISAKMPData
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetFormattedCounterValue
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListGetData
Symbol: occache_GetControlInfo
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiLockObject
Symbol: ieakeng_ResetAdmFilesW
Symbol: ieakeng_BToolbar_InitW
Symbol: shell32_SHAppBarMessage
Symbol: shell32_InternalExtractIconListA
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4iv
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapDeleteExtS
Symbol: user32_SetSystemCursor
Symbol: wmadmoe_CreateInstance
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateQueryDebugBuffer
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetDescFieldW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_Size_Ex
Symbol: winscard_SCardConnectA
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry8
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleUpdateRegistryFromResourceD
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupSetMembers
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleDemoteDc
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetSiteNameA
Symbol: advapi32_SetEntriesInAccessListW
Symbol: advapi32_RegReplaceKeyW
Symbol: advapi32_OpenSCManagerW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetInformationPolicy
Symbol: kernel32_GetLogicalDriveStringsW
Symbol: rasman_RasSecurityDialogGetInfo
Symbol: usrdtea_DB_GetSRegConf
Symbol: nvcpl_NvGetProjectedGDIModeList
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetLoggingCategoriesW
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetDevCapsA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeMulFilterData
Symbol: mciole32_GetMessageHook
Symbol: ir32_32_DriverDialogProc
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetAttributes
Symbol: asfsipc_MySIPVerifyIndirectData
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCompareExt
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionConjugate
Symbol: qasf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cscdll_CSCBeginSynchronizationW
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetIssuerCertificateFromStore
Symbol: activeds_ADsOpenObject
Symbol: winipsec_OpenTunnelFilterHandle
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecDouble
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry9
Symbol: scecli_SceCloseProfile
Symbol: secur32_AddCredentialsW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_ext
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_option
Symbol: advapi32_CredEnumerateW
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemTimeAsFileTime
Symbol: kernel32_FormatMessageA
Symbol: rasman_RasSetConnectionUserData
Symbol: msvcrt20_puts
Symbol: tapi32_lineCreateAgentW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColAttributesW
Symbol: msvcrt40_sqrt
Symbol: msvcrt40__get_osfhandle
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportADTInfoA
Symbol: encapi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glGetClipPlane
Symbol: clusapi_OpenClusterNetInterface
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeExpiration
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserGetInfo
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplSetInfo
Symbol: advpack_NeedRebootInit
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFV
Symbol: MSOERT2_CryptAllocFunc
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIResolveName
Symbol: atl_AtlAxCreateDialogW
Symbol: ddraw_GetSurfaceFromDC
Symbol: imeshare_FInitIMEShare
Symbol: secur32_SecDeleteUserModeContext
Symbol: advapi32_DuplicateToken
Symbol: advapi32_CreateServiceW
Symbol: comctl32_GetMUILanguage
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromUI1
Symbol: avifil32_AVIBuildFilter
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetUserPreferences
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetGlobalRoutingInfoA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentInfo
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrintersW
Symbol: odbcconf_DoesFileExist
Symbol: ocmanage_OcSubComponentsPresent
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRecAssign
Symbol: shell32_SHGetShellStyleHInstance
Symbol: shell32_SheChangeDirExW
Symbol: opengl32_glClearStencil
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapSearchExtS
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsEnumClasses
Symbol: msvcrt__putw
Symbol: user32_IsDialogMessageA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUserMarshalMemorySize
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_IUnknown_QueryInterface_Proxy
Symbol: advapi32_CreateProcessWithLogonW
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadExecutionState
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromUI2
Symbol: samlib_SamQueryInformationAlias
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddSectionToDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_ExW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_ReleasePeriodicInt
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLFreeConnect
Symbol: msvcrt40_puts
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRecAssign
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbGetVBAObject
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCheckType
Symbol: jet500_JetInit
Symbol: hid_HidP_SetUsageValue
Symbol: shell32_FindExecutableW
Symbol: dssenh_CPDuplicateHash
Symbol: opengl32_glSelectBuffer
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadWORDTag
Symbol: user32_BroadcastSystemMessageExA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncLength
Symbol: gdi32_SetDIBitsToDevice
Symbol: ole32_OleFlushClipboard
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperIsInRootStore
Symbol: WININET_ReadUrlCacheEntryStream
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGenerateBoundsError
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetGetDCList
Symbol: regapi_RegWdEnumerateA
Symbol: scecli_SceProcessEFSRecoveryGPO
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWritePageBufToFile
Symbol: advapi32_ElfRegisterEventSourceW
Symbol: samlib_SamRemoveMemberFromGroup
Symbol: nview_NView_NVWDDICheckRevLevel
Symbol: sti_MigrateRegisteredSTIAppsForWIAEvents
Symbol: shimeng_SE_DynamicShim
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbGetVBAObject
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCheckType
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATEnumerateCatAttr
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportADMFileW
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyWallPaperA
Symbol: qdvd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ccfgnt_InetGetAutodial
Symbol: dpnaddr_DirectPlay8AddressCreate
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapRenameExtS
Symbol: crypt32_CertComparePublicKeyInfo
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoBlockAdd
Symbol: ntdll_strstr
Symbol: schannel_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIHealthCheck
Symbol: gdi32_StrokeAndFillPath
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaVerifyObjectsW
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssContentHintEncodeEx
Symbol: MSOERT2_MessageBoxInst
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCopyLockBytesToStream
Symbol: cryptdlg_GetFriendlyNameOfCertW
Symbol: netapi32_NetFileGetInfo
Symbol: advapi32_LsaOpenAccount
Symbol: kernel32_LoadLibraryExA
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumberOfConsoleFonts
Symbol: kernel32_GetLocaleInfoW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromUI4
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamInfoA
Symbol: spoolss_RouterAllocBidiResponseContainer
Symbol: slbcsp_CPDuplicateHash
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityGetXML
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaGetScheduleW
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGosubFree
Symbol: licdll_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: jet500_JetDetachDatabase
Symbol: iasrad_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: htui_HTUI_DeviceColorAdjustment
Symbol: glmf32___glsString_init
Symbol: esent97_JetOpenDatabase
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetAllOptionValuesDS
Symbol: datime_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: syssetup_SetupDestroyPhoneList
Symbol: msvcrt_fputs
Symbol: user32_GetUserObjectInformationA
Symbol: authz_AuthziAllocateAuditParams
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCheckProcessParameters
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileInit
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data_Size
Symbol: schannel_UnsealMessage
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecMultibyteString
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrTypeMarshall
Symbol: ole32_OleGetIconOfClass
Symbol: samsrv_SamIIsDownlevelDcUpgrade
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheEntryInfoExA
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheEntryA
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrIndexOfMonth
Symbol: regapi_RegCdEnumerateW
Symbol: sti_ci_WiaRemoveDevice
Symbol: winmm_joyConfigChanged
Symbol: winmm_gfxCreateGfxFactoriesList
Symbol: advapi32_LsaGetUserName
Symbol: kernel32_CreateProcessA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDeleteDevRegKey
Symbol: msvcrt20__beginthreadex
Symbol: xactsrv_XsI_NetPathCanonicalize
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCallInfoW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGatherDigits
Symbol: spoolss_EnumMonitorsW
Symbol: scredir_SCardReconnect
Symbol: perfctrs_OpenSPXPerformanceData
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGosubFree
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPutFxStr3
Symbol: jet500_JetMove
Symbol: iasads_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetStreamCRC32
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumSubnetElementsDS
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_UpdateLibEx
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookUnload
Symbol: cdfview_SubscribeToCDF
Symbol: msvcrt_putwc
Symbol: user32_SetClipboardData
Symbol: user32_DispatchMessageA
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminServerDisconnect
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindMostSignificantBit
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileEnum
Symbol: ole32_CreateAntiMoniker
Symbol: NCTAudioGrabber2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atl_AtlIPersistPropertyBag_Load
Symbol: netapi32_DsAddressToSiteNamesExW
Symbol: advapi32_SetNamedSecurityInfoExW
Symbol: kernel32_TryEnterCriticalSection
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleInputExeNameW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasFreeEapUserIdentityW
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiShutdown
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiIoStatus
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetCursorNameW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetDescRecW
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLFetchScroll
Symbol: netid_ShowDcNotFoundErrorDialog
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPutFxStr3
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPutFxStr4
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPISendMail
Symbol: jet500_JetTerm
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMColorGetBlue
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos2sv
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetCountryNameW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontSelected
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsGenericTableEmptyAvl
Symbol: msdart_CreatePropertySheetPageI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_Empty_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_SetMetaFileBitsEx
Symbol: gdi32_DeleteDC
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqIfExA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorStartEnumeration
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminResolveCatalogPath
Symbol: WININET_UnlockUrlCacheEntryFile
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrRewindStream
Symbol: MSOERT2_CrackNotificationPackage
Symbol: advapi32_ClearEventLogW
Symbol: kernel32_SetEnvironmentVariableW
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dSubclassCtl
Symbol: nvcpl_NvHandleOwnerDrawMessages
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetDevConfig
Symbol: tapi32_lineGenerateTone
Symbol: sdpblb_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt40__beginthreadex
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPutFxStr4
Symbol: mcd32_MCDClear
Symbol: mcd32_MCDAddStateStruct
Symbol: iphlpapi_NhGetInterfaceNameFromDeviceGuid
Symbol: hlink_HlinkResolveStringForData
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetButtonCaps
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos3sv
Symbol: comcat_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: user32_DefMDIChildProcW
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationJobObject
Symbol: schannel_MakeSignature
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetDC
Symbol: ole32_HPALETTE_UserFree
Symbol: ole32_HICON_UserMarshal
Symbol: WININET_FtpDeleteFileA
Symbol: olecli32_OleEnumObjects
Symbol: mscoree_CoInitializeEE
Symbol: adsldp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kernel32_OpenSemaphoreA
Symbol: kernel32_FlushConsoleInputBuffer
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromUI8
Symbol: rasman_RasGetDevConfig
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleCacheDestroy
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingUnexportPnPW
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetLogFileTypeA
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIEditLinksA
Symbol: odbcconf_SetActionEnum
Symbol: jet500_JetOpenTempTable2
Symbol: icm32_CMDeleteTransform
Symbol: shell32_PathCleanupSpec
Symbol: opengl32_glRasterPos4sv
Symbol: cmdial32_CmCustomHangUp
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorScale
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonScreenSaverEvent
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgEncodeAndSignCTL
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerShiftRight
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Delete_DevNode_Key_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_XLATEOBJ_piVector
Symbol: gdi32_GetStretchBltMode
Symbol: gdi32_GetLogColorSpaceW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertPalette
Symbol: ole32_HDC_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: ole32_CreateItemMoniker
Symbol: WININET_IsUrlCacheEntryExpiredA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathMatchSpecA
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetAccessDel
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplImportDirGetInfo
Symbol: sccsccp_SCCPDllUnregisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_WmiCloseTraceWithCursor
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleMode
Symbol: kernel32_ActivateActCtx
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayRedim
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_Class_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermServPrepareAppInstallDueMSI
Symbol: security_DeleteSecurityPackageW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilTerminateServiceProcessFromResDll
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeMulPolicyData
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLFetchScroll
Symbol: netshell_NcFreeNetconProperties
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateTransform
Symbol: shell32_Activate_RunDLL
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsCleanupDS
Symbol: linkinfo_CompareLinkInfoVolumes
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminIsServiceRunning
Symbol: ntdll_RtlImageNtHeader
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFlushSecureMemoryCache
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateTagHeap
Symbol: msdart_DialogBoxParamI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncDouble
Symbol: gdi32_AngleArc
Symbol: rpcrt4_pfnFreeRoutines
Symbol: sfc_SfcIsFileProtected
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdStAd
Symbol: olecli32_OleSetLinkUpdateOptions
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCreateThread
Symbol: advapi32_SetThreadToken
Symbol: advapi32_RegSetValueExA
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageGetCertificateData
Symbol: kernel32_GetTimeFormatA
Symbol: printui_PrintUIEntryW
Symbol: msvcrt20_atan2
Symbol: nview_NVZoomWindowRun
Symbol: sigtab_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shgina_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: scredir_SCardGetAttrib
Symbol: sccbase_CPGetProvParam
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListSetData
Symbol: wzcsapi_ReadEapcfgList
Symbol: msi_MsiDeleteUserDataA
Symbol: mprddm_IfObjectNotifyOfReachabilityChange
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpNetTable
Symbol: ieakeng_ModifySiteCert
Symbol: ieakeng_IsFavoriteItem
Symbol: shell32_Shell_GetCachedImageIndex
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsAddServer
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpAddServerDS
Symbol: dplay_DirectPlayCreate
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsApiHeapReset
Symbol: dbghelp_SymLoadModule64
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontInfoA
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindNextTag
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRunDecodeUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_KiUserExceptionDispatcher
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_HW_Prof_Flags_ExA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcPV
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUnmakeSystemFolderA
Symbol: imeshare_IdWinFromIMEColorStyle
Symbol: advapi32_EqualPrefixSid
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Copy
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadTimes
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcAddress
Symbol: kernel32_FreeEnvironmentStringsA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_AcquirePeriodicInt
Symbol: msvcrt20___p___winitenv
Symbol: msrating_RatingAddPropertyPages
Symbol: softpub_AddPersonalTrustDBPages
Symbol: npptools_SelectNPPBlobFromTable
Symbol: msvbvm50_MethCallEngine
Symbol: msi_MsiCloseAllHandles
Symbol: msapsspc_InitSecurityInterfaceA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDAlloc
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPISaveMail
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAReleaseDevice
Symbol: dmdlgs_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dpvacm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterServiceAccountPassword
Symbol: camocx_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt_qsort
Symbol: cscdll_CSCCopyReplicaW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyCertificateSignatureEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAllocateLocallyUniqueId
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColAttributeA
Symbol: gdi32_IntersectClipRect
Symbol: msjetoledb40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaForEachVar
Symbol: olecli32_OleRequestData
Symbol: SHDOCVW_HlinkFindFrame
Symbol: anvioctl_EnableDesktop
Symbol: AllNode_AllNode_Status
Symbol: credui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: imeshare_FBoldIMEStyle
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_set_option
Symbol: kernel32_ValidateLCType
Symbol: kernel32_OpenJobObjectW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Register_Device_Interface_ExW
Symbol: nvcpl_ProcessLidChange
Symbol: rasrad_RasAuthProviderTerminate
Symbol: msvcrt40_atan2
Symbol: msvbvm60_MethCallEngine
Symbol: iasnap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsDelSScope
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypeExpiration
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateLibrary
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetNtmFields
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixPerspectiveLH
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProperties_RunDLLW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDuplicateUnicodeString
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserSetInfo
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionVer
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverRemove
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CloseModule
Symbol: gdi32_GdiTransparentBlt
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_pvTrueTypeFontFile
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqEpExA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcEpUnregister
Symbol: ole32_CoGetTreatAsClass
Symbol: comsvcs_GetMTAThreadPoolMetrics
Symbol: WININET_FtpRenameFileA
Symbol: safrdm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmGetGuidAtom
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxLogonNotify
Symbol: scecli_SceGetTimeStamp
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSignHashA
Symbol: comctl32_DSA_InsertItem
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcSetUserPreferences
Symbol: rasman_RasBundleGetStatisticsEx
Symbol: nvwddi_NVDDI_ExtEscape
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentActivityListW
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetExactMatchDestination
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLExecDirectW
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsObjectAttributeA
Symbol: msvcrt40___p___winitenv
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaWriteFile
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPGetSignedDataMsg
Symbol: CEWMDM_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mprddm_DDMGetIdentityAttributes
Symbol: shell32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: duser_DUserBuildGadget
Symbol: panmap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CloseSocket
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFindAuthoritativeZone
Symbol: opengl32_glLightModelfv
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeExtensions
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetCertificateContextProperty
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddStoreToCollection
Symbol: netui1_MNetWkstaSetUID
Symbol: msdart_RegDeleteValueI
Symbol: gdi32_GetPaletteEntries
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidFromStringA
Symbol: icwphbk_PhoneBookSuggestNumbers
Symbol: icwdial_RasSetEntryPropertiesScriptPatch
Symbol: ddraw_DDInternalUnlock
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmTIMActivate
Symbol: usbui_USBDevicePropPageProvider
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQuerySingleInstanceW
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryMultipleValuesA
Symbol: comctl32_DSA_GetItemPtr
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrAddStaticServerThread
Symbol: kernel32_GetProfileIntA
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessHeap
Symbol: kernel32_ClearCommError
Symbol: oleaut32_VarWeekdayName
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Parent
Symbol: msvcrt20__dup2
Symbol: winntbbu_GetBBMainHwnd
Symbol: uxtheme_CloseThemeData
Symbol: tapi32_lineMonitorMedia
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityImport
Symbol: oleacc_CreateStdAccessibleObject
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaWriteFile
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemSt
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAptOffset
Symbol: msisip_MsiSIPVerifyIndirectData
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseImportA
Symbol: jgaw400_JgARawDecodeDone
Symbol: iassam_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_ShowReconnectDialog
Symbol: msvcrt__open_osfhandle
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidRelativeSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: netui1_MNetSessionEnum
Symbol: esent_JetGetAttachInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDriverConnect
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncExtensionBitSet
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedTableCharString
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncMultibyteString
Symbol: gdi32_EngQueryLocalTime
Symbol: samsrv_SamIEnumerateAccountRids
Symbol: expsrv___vbaForEachAry
Symbol: mscoree_GetCompileInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteValueA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpStringToNetBiosName
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLDescribeCol
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonLdapLookupEx
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQueryGuidInformation
Symbol: kernel32_GetDateFormatW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromDec
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromBool
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetFileEnum2
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLFetchScroll
Symbol: objsel_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemSt
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAptOffset
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPrintFile
Symbol: jet500_JetCreateDatabase
Symbol: iphlpapi_register_icmp
Symbol: ieakeng_BrowseForFileW
Symbol: wmsdmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: ccfgnt_InetSetAutodial
Symbol: ntdll___eFLD32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeStringToAnsiString
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncMultibyteString
Symbol: gdi32_GdiSetPixelFormat
Symbol: clbcatq_InprocServer32FromString
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetListOfSharedDisksOnVirtualServerA
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetStreamPos
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_ResetAdjustment
Symbol: isign32_IEAKProcessISPA
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirGetInfo
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_DestroyImage
Symbol: HAL_IoFreeMapRegisters
Symbol: kernel32_WaitNamedPipeW
Symbol: kernel32_SetLocaleInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_CompareStringA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Next_Range
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_Info_ExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Log_Conf_Handle
Symbol: wmsdmoe_CreateInstance
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbGetCounterPathFromList
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetCounterInfoA
Symbol: msvcrt40__dup2
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPrintFile
Symbol: mssign32_SignerFreeSignerContext
Symbol: jet500_JetAttachDatabase
Symbol: netplwiz_NetPlacesWizardDoModal
Symbol: opengl32_glLightModeliv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetBuildStrA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionNormalize
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkD3dDrawPrimitives2
Symbol: user32_SetUserObjectInformationA
Symbol: ntdll___eFABS
Symbol: ntdll_NtPrivilegeCheck
Symbol: esent_JetGetObjectInfo
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncBitVal
Symbol: gdi32_ChoosePixelFormat
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingIsClientLocal
Symbol: ole32_OleLoadFromStream
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupMoveSecurityFile
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_page_controlA
Symbol: advapi32_RegRestoreKeyA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymLoadModule
Symbol: kernel32_QueryPerformanceCounter
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstFileW
Symbol: oleaut32_LoadRegTypeLib
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFileQueueFlags
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenDeviceInfoW
Symbol: traffic_TcGetFlowNameW
Symbol: tapi32_lineAddProviderW
Symbol: wzcsapi_MIDL_user_free
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_Release
Symbol: msvbvm50_ProcCallEngine
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFOpen
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetSchedSyncSettings
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceGetCaps
Symbol: shell32_ShellExecuteExA
Symbol: esent97_JetSetColumnDefaultValue
Symbol: esent97_JetGrowDatabase
Symbol: esent97_JetGetTableInfo
Symbol: dfrgui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glArrayElement
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorAdjustContrast
Symbol: activeds_ReallocADsStr
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigTransportDelete
Symbol: winscard_SCardListReaderGroupsW
Symbol: gdi32_EnumFontFamiliesW
Symbol: clbcatq_ComPlusMigrate
Symbol: comuid_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mapi32_OpenStreamOnFile
Symbol: inetcfg_SetInternetPhoneNumberW
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetAccessGetUserPerms
Symbol: iedkcs32_Clear
Symbol: regapi_RegPdEnumerateW
Symbol: winmm_mciGetDriverData
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_stop_tls_s
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceLockStatusA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGenRandom
Symbol: kernel32_SetHandleCount
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleInputExeNameW
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteVolumeMountPointA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQuerySpaceRequiredOnDriveA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDevsExA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDeleteDeviceInterfaceData
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetMessageNameGetInfo
Symbol: scrobj_GenerateTypeLib
Symbol: rtm_RtmWriteAddressFamilyConfig
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListGetPrev
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_Release
Symbol: msvbvm60_ProcCallEngine
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcImmediateIf
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtI2FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSetObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaInputFile
Symbol: wmvdmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: mapistub_HrGetOmiProvidersFlags
Symbol: glmf32_glsCommandString
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsServerModifySubnet
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsUpdateTest_A
Symbol: dmintf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glLoadIdentity
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixPerspectiveRH
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigTransportCreate
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminIsServiceRunning
Symbol: ntdll___eFLD80
Symbol: msdart_DlgDirSelectExI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecMultibyteString
Symbol: gdi32_EngTransparentBlt
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsIsMangledDnW
Symbol: ole32_CoGetStdMarshalEx
Symbol: mpr_WNetAddConnectionA
Symbol: URLMON_ReleaseBindInfo
Symbol: MSOERT2_BuildNotificationPackage
Symbol: ROBOEX32_AboutWinHelp2000
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIUninitialize
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHGetThreadRef
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_WriteEmbeddedImageFile
Symbol: advapi32_LsaLookupNames
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFromDisp
Symbol: msvcrt20___wgetmainargs
Symbol: wmvdmoe_CreateInstance
Symbol: nview_DMEnumDesktopApplications
Symbol: winntbbu_InitBillBoard
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphFindEdgesForMST
Symbol: ir50_qcx_SetScalability
Symbol: ir41_qcx_SetScalability
Symbol: scrobj_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcImmediateIf
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtI2FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSetObj
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaInputFile
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishDelete
Symbol: msihnd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumComponentQualifiersA
Symbol: mprddm_RasAuthProviderTerminate
Symbol: lmrt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportRatingsA
Symbol: iassdo_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dxmasf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorRandom
Symbol: opengl32_glDrawElements
Symbol: certcli_CADeleteLocalAutoEnrollmentObject
Symbol: ccfgnt_InetGetSupportedPlatform
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetMenuNameW
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapModifyExtS
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DXMeshIndexBuffer8GetData
Symbol: user32_DdeSetUserHandle
Symbol: user32_AllowForegroundActivation
Symbol: authz_AuthzAccessCheck
Symbol: crypt32_CryptUnregisterDefaultOIDFunction
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPGetSignedDataMsg
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsValidHandle
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIRegisterNotification
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaSyncA
Symbol: ole32_StgOpenStorageOnILockBytes
Symbol: ole32_HMENU_UserMarshal
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoAddToFavDlgW
Symbol: mscoree_GetRequestedRuntimeInfo
Symbol: isign32_AutoDialSignupA
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQueryDefaultSecurity
Symbol: advapi32_SetServiceBits
Symbol: basesrv_ServerDllInitialization
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrValidateMessageString
Symbol: kernel32_RaiseException
Symbol: rasman_RasSetDevConfig
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupConcatenatePaths
Symbol: spoolss_SplCloseSpoolFileHandle
Symbol: odbcconf_RegKeyRestore
Symbol: odbcconf_RestoreRegKey
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListGetNext
Symbol: ntmsapi_EjectNtmsMedia
Symbol: ntmarta_AccLookupAccountTrustee
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpAcquireParametersByBroadcast
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtI4FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcChangeDrive
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRefVarAry
Symbol: mobsync_SyncMgrResolveConflictA
Symbol: inseng_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glmf32_glsDeleteContext
Symbol: shell32_SHFileOperation
Symbol: shell32_InternalExtractIconListW
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionVer
Symbol: certcli_CACreateLocalAutoEnrollmentObject
Symbol: msvcrt__getdllprocaddr
Symbol: ntdll___eFLD64
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRunEncodeUnicodeString
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBrowseConnect
Symbol: winscard_SCardConnectW
Symbol: gdi32_SetStretchBltMode
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcRevertToSelf
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpCreateProxy
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoFileDownload
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrStreamToByte
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrByteToStream
Symbol: avtapi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atl_AtlIPersistPropertyBag_Save
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetSiteNameW
Symbol: ntshrui_SharingDialogA
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxCopyContext
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetContextFromName
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleMode
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetCustomDevicePropertyA
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetDevCapsW
Symbol: syncui_Briefcase_Intro
Symbol: sti_StiCreateInstanceA
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphImportDatabase
Symbol: rastapi_GetConnectInfo
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityExport
Symbol: ntlsapi_NtLSFreeHandle
Symbol: msvcrt40___wgetmainargs
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtI4FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcChangeDrive
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRefVarAry
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseExportA
Symbol: mindex_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: licwmi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dmusic_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: devmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindClearBits
Symbol: rtcdll_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerListen
Symbol: ole32_CLSIDFromProgIDEx
Symbol: WININET_ResumeSuspendedDownload
Symbol: olecli32_BmSaveToStream
Symbol: advapi32_InitiateSystemShutdownA
Symbol: kernel32_FormatMessageW
Symbol: oleaut32_OleLoadPicture
Symbol: rasapi32_RasInvokeEapUI
Symbol: unimdmat_UmSetSpeakerPhoneState
Symbol: tsappcmp_GetTermsrCompatFlagsEx
Symbol: scredir_SCardSetAttrib
Symbol: sccbase_CPSetProvParam
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLError
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureInfoA
Symbol: msconf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportADTInfoW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsDelServer
Symbol: wmvcore_WMValidateData
Symbol: wuaueng_ServiceHandler
Symbol: user32_DeregisterShellHookWindow
Symbol: user32_CreateMDIWindowA
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBEntryGetFirst
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationJobObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeStringToCountedOemString
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_HW_Prof_Flags_ExA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_First_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetClientDnsHostName
Symbol: gdi32_GetRasterizerCaps
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingToStaticStringBindingW
Symbol: advpack_RegSaveRestore
Symbol: olecli32_LeCopyFromLink
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplGetInfo
Symbol: itss_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: HAL_KeFlushWriteBuffer
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryValueA
Symbol: advapi32_ControlService
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcUnloadDll
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallClassExA
Symbol: usrvoica_Data_TaskInit
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetClearViewGeometry
Symbol: winntbbu_TermBillBoard
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetGlobalRoutingInfoW
Symbol: upnp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetQueueInfo
Symbol: MSRDO20_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetTcpStatsFromStackEx
Symbol: netui2_OpenUserBrowser
Symbol: syssetup_SetupAddOrRemoveTestCertificate
Symbol: user32_IsDialogMessageW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlComputeImportTableHash
Symbol: netrap_RapGetFieldSize
Symbol: itircl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetCursorName
Symbol: msdart_RegCreateKeyExI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarLookupSids2
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetCallInfo
Symbol: gdi32_ResetDCA
Symbol: samsrv_SamrDeleteAlias
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeVerifyUnjoinConfig
Symbol: version_GetFileVersionInfoSizeA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaHresultCheckNonvirt
Symbol: olecli32_LeSaveToStream
Symbol: olecli32_LeSetHostNames
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_next_entry
Symbol: kernel32_Heap32ListFirst
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamCopy
Symbol: userenv_DeleteProfileA
Symbol: nview_DMUpdateDesktopScreenshot
Symbol: ir50_32_DllMain
Symbol: tapi32_LocWizardDlgProc
Symbol: sqlwid_GetProcAddress_
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaSetItemListA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDSetScissorRect
Symbol: ir32_32_DllMain
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeRegisterQuery
Symbol: user32_GetGUIThreadInfo
Symbol: user32_CheckRadioButton
Symbol: user32_BroadcastSystemMessageExW
Symbol: ntdll___eFCHS
Symbol: ntdll_NtCallbackReturn
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallTranslatorExW
Symbol: winscard_ClassInstall32
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERFreeSeqOf
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedTableCharString
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrXmitOrRepAsMemorySize
Symbol: ole32_CoAllowSetForegroundWindow
Symbol: olecli32_DibQueryBounds
Symbol: regapi_RegWdEnumerateW
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetErrorInfo
Symbol: advapi32_GetSidSubAuthorityCount
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleIcon
Symbol: kernel32_GetBinaryTypeA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInterfaceDetailA
Symbol: wiascr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: utildll_ConfigureModem
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermServProcessAppInstallDueMSI
Symbol: security_InitSecurityInterfaceA
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlAssignmentFromTokenAndDword
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsObjectAttributeA
Symbol: msvcrt40___set_app_type
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyForInit
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIFindNext
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUdpStatsFromStackEx
Symbol: ieakeng_CopyWallPaperW
Symbol: icm32_CMTranslateColors
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugHibernateVetoedW
Symbol: shell32_SheShortenPathA
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateReader
Symbol: crypt32_CertSetCertificateContextProperty
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOM
Symbol: esent_JetCreateTableColumnIndex2
Symbol: gdi32_SetPaletteEntries
Symbol: catsrv_CreateComponentLibraryTS
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterPSClsid
Symbol: expsrv_EbGetObjConnectionCounts
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCastObjVar
Symbol: olecli32_MfSaveToStream
Symbol: olecli32_OleEnumFormats
Symbol: mapi32_ScMAPIXFromSMAPI
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerTransportAddEx
Symbol: imm32_ImmRegisterClient
Symbol: kernel32_LoadLibraryExW
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamInfoW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiEnumDriverInfoA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Data_Ex
Symbol: spnike_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupdll_GetEisaSlotInformation
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupGetStatus
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyForInit
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryUnlock
Symbol: msi_MsiInstallMissingComponentA
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductCodeA
Symbol: shell32_RestartDialogEx
Symbol: shell32_Control_RunDLLA
Symbol: dswave_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dciman32_WinWatchNotify
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNodeGetEnumCount
Symbol: d3dim700_GetLOD
Symbol: user32_GetUserObjectInformationW
Symbol: clb_ClbSetColumnWidths
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetEnvironmentVariable
Symbol: winipsec_MatchMMFilter
Symbol: msdart_GetPrivateProfileStringI
Symbol: gdi32_AbortDoc
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcGetCurrentCallHandle
Symbol: samsrv_SampCommitBufferedWrites
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheEntryInfoExW
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheEntryW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarDateVar
Symbol: atl_AtlAxCreateControl
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilVarBindListFree
Symbol: kernel32_CreateProcessW
Symbol: localspl_SplDeleteForm
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableStringFromIdEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenClassRegKey
Symbol: usrrtosa_MakeNewSingleShotAlarm
Symbol: iyuv_32_AboutDialogProc
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryUnlock
Symbol: ieakeng_MoveUpFavorite
Symbol: shell32_DAD_DragEnterEx2
Symbol: apphelp_SdbQueryDataEx
Symbol: user32_DispatchMessageW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpUnWaitCriticalSection
Symbol: winipsec_InitializeDll
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_ACCOUNT_ENUM_BUFFER
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtInqStats
Symbol: atl_AtlAxAttachControl
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirSetInfo
Symbol: imm32_ImmReleaseContext
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLFreeConnect
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingGetPolicy
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemTimeAdjustment
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_MEMCalloc
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetViewConfiguration
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphExportDatabase
Symbol: jgaw400_JgARawDecodeInit
Symbol: crtdll__scalb
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSKeyPackAdd
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetThreadExecutionState
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueueApcThread
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncMultibyteString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqIfExW
Symbol: ole32_SNB_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: ole32_GetDocumentBitStg
Symbol: samsrv_SamrSetInformationDomain
Symbol: samsrv_SamrCloseHandle
Symbol: WININET_InternetLockRequestFile
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameSignatureSize
Symbol: mscoree_CorBindToCurrentRuntime
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetTVOutChannels
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerGetTrustInfo
Symbol: netlogon_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: srclient_SRUpdateMonitoredListA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrLockProcessByClientId
Symbol: imagehlp_SymInitialize
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetFileQueueFlags
Symbol: usrvoica_Data_TaskExit
Symbol: uniplat_notifSendFrame
Symbol: skdll_SKEY_SystemParametersInfo
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetResourceServiceStartParameters
Symbol: olepro32_OleLoadPicture
Symbol: netshell_InvokeDunFile
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtR4FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaInStrVarB
Symbol: mfc40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dispex_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontPaths
Symbol: dsound_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msctfp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminTransportGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFXCH
Symbol: esent_JetOpenTempTable
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColAttributes
Symbol: WININET_FtpDeleteFileW
Symbol: avwav_WavInGetIdByName
Symbol: MSHTML_ShowModalDialog
Symbol: netapi32_NetpPackString
Symbol: netapi32_NetServiceEnum
Symbol: winmm_mciSetDriverData
Symbol: kernel32_SwitchToThread
Symbol: kernel32_SetFilePointer
Symbol: kernel32_OpenSemaphoreW
Symbol: kernel32_IsProcessInJob
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromDec
Symbol: drmclien_Bind
Symbol: uniplat_UnimodemWaitCommEventEx
Symbol: sqlwoa_newWideCharFromMultiByte
Symbol: sqlwoa_newMultiByteFromWideChar
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetChangedDests
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetLogFileTypeW
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIEditLinksW
Symbol: wmpasf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvfw32_ICImageCompress
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtR4FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaInStrVarB
Symbol: esent97_JetDeleteColumn
Symbol: dbghelp_SymMatchString
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGetRootObject
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIGetNextRow
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetFirstRow
Symbol: wmi_TraceEventInstance
Symbol: syssetup_CreateLocalUserAccount
Symbol: msvcrt___RTDynamicCast
Symbol: esent_JetSetIndexRange
Symbol: msdart_GetClassInfoExI
Symbol: gdi32_FrameRgn
Symbol: ole32_CoGetClassVersion
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_DISPLAY_INFO_BUFFER
Symbol: WININET_IsUrlCacheEntryExpiredW
Symbol: WININET_InternetFortezzaCommand
Symbol: mapi32_OpenTnefStreamEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHSetThreadRef
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUnExpandEnvStringsA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathMatchSpecW
Symbol: netapi32_NetBrowserStatisticsGet
Symbol: imeshare_FRefreshStyle
Symbol: mstime_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: nlhtml_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetDevCapsA
Symbol: HAL_ExReleaseFastMutex
Symbol: advapi32_MSChapSrvChangePassword2
Symbol: advapi32_CryptDeriveKey
Symbol: VBAME_DllMain
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxBatchUpdate
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListDestroy
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcStrConvVar2
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLdZeroAry
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_GetTypeInfoCount
Symbol: mfc42_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLinePrev
Symbol: corpol_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterResourceState
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypePropertyEx
Symbol: mydocs_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DXMeshIndexBuffer8SetData
Symbol: user32_PrivateSetDbgTag
Symbol: user32_GetScrollBarInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOS
Symbol: ntdll_ZwPrivilegeCheck
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIdentifierAuthoritySid
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetQuotaInformationFile
Symbol: drprov_NPAddConnection
Symbol: esent_JetPrepareUpdate
Symbol: samsrv_SampDsChangePasswordUser
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperCheckCertUsage
Symbol: comsvcs_CoLoadServices
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetResourceInformationA
Symbol: mscoree_GetFileVersion
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerAuthenticate2
Symbol: advapi32_RegSetValueExW
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualAllocEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetTimeFormatW
Symbol: kernel32_BaseUpdateAppcompatCache
Symbol: oleaut32_OaBuildVersion
Symbol: rasman_RasFindPrerequisiteEntry
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcWeekdayName
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_GetTypeInfoCount
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSetVar
Symbol: msi_MsiDeleteUserDataW
Symbol: exts_DebugExtensionUninitialize
Symbol: opengl32_wglMakeCurrent
Symbol: oleprn_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontInfoW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEnumMMFontsA
Symbol: msimtf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: user32_MsgWaitForMultipleObjects
Symbol: user32_LookupIconIdFromDirectory
Symbol: user32_GetMenuItemInfoA
Symbol: ntdll___eFXAM
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetLongestNtPathLength
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySymbolicLinkObject
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_HW_Prof_Flags_ExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncOctets
Symbol: gdi32_FillPath
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsBindWithSpnA
Symbol: ole32_HPALETTE_UserSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIMixedDomain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRaiseEvent
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargVarRef
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUnmakeSystemFolderW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerAuthenticate3
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQuerySecret
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleTextAttribute
Symbol: kernel32_FreeEnvironmentStringsW
Symbol: localspl_SplAddPrinter
Symbol: unimdmat_UmHangupModem
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLCloseCursor
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSetVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtR8FromErrVar
Symbol: msapsspc_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetIndexInfo
Symbol: dsauth_StoreInitHandle
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionVer
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLineNext
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorRotate
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexPointer
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapFirstEntry
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCacheAddRef
Symbol: crtdll__chdir
Symbol: user32_GetThreadDesktop
Symbol: user32_GetKeyboardState
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColAttributeW
Symbol: wintrust_OfficeInitializePolicy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLikeVar
Symbol: anvioctl_GetStereoMode
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMEject
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcGetEnterpriseOID
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ConvertToRGB
Symbol: advapi32_IsWellKnownSid
Symbol: advapi32_CredUnmarshalCredentialA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrCreateThread
Symbol: kernel32_IsSystemResumeAutomatic
Symbol: dplayx_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamWrite
Symbol: rasman_RasSetBapPolicy
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerReqChallenge
Symbol: wshcon_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: nview_nViewDisableHook
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeMetric
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtR8FromErrVar
Symbol: msapsspc_UnsealMessage
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackCallback
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapOpenObject2
Symbol: crtdll__getch
Symbol: crtdll__chmod
Symbol: msvcrt__set_error_mode
Symbol: user32_TranslateMessage
Symbol: user32_DrawCaptionTempA
Symbol: ntdll___eF2XM1
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeStringToInteger
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIntegerToUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetDefaultHardErrorPort
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLAllocHandle
Symbol: gdi32_GdiFlush
Symbol: gdi32_EngPaint
Symbol: rpcrt4_pfnSizeRoutines
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqEpExW
Symbol: ole32_CoRevokeMallocSpy
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaPrepare
Symbol: vbajet32_LoadExprSrvDll
Symbol: WININET_FtpRenameFileW
Symbol: anvioctl_GetVideoState
Symbol: icwdial_ICWGetRasEntry
Symbol: wups_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserGetInfo
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplSetInfo
Symbol: mstask_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: winsta_WinStationInstallLicense
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSignHashW
Symbol: printui_bFolderRefresh
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccessAdd
Symbol: nvcpl_NvTaskBarMenuCmd
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphUniversalTimeToPeerTime
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphPeerTimeToUniversalTime
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphEndEnumeration
Symbol: pdh_PdhComputeCounterStatistics
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListGetNext
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsObjectAttributeW
Symbol: ntmarta_AccConvertAccessMaskToActrlAccess
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureCostA
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetStreamSize
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSetSScope
Symbol: user32_ExcludeUpdateRgn
Symbol: ntdll_NtImpersonateClientOfPort
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetCursorName
Symbol: fldrclnr_Wizard_RunDLL
Symbol: catsrv_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidFromStringW
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeSetConfig
Symbol: olecli32_GenQueryBounds
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryMultipleValuesW
Symbol: kernel32_GetProfileIntW
Symbol: localspl_InitializePrintMonitor
Symbol: oleaut32_VarTokenizeFormatString
Symbol: rasdlg_RasUserPrefsDlg
Symbol: msctf_TF_MlngInfoCount
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLCloseCursor
Symbol: ntmsapi_WaitForNtmsNotification
Symbol: npptools_DuplicateBlob
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsAccessControlUserLevel
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyForNext
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCopyBytes
Symbol: msls31_LssbFDoneDisplay
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFileVersionA
Symbol: msi_MsiEnableUIPreview
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseImportW
Symbol: dinput_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCGetContext
Symbol: apphelp_SdbTagToString
Symbol: crtdll__lfind
Symbol: msvcrt___unguarded_readlc_active
Symbol: ntdll___eFSIN
Symbol: ntdll___eFLDZ
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetLowWaitHighEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetHighWaitLowEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeleteValueKey
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeQueryHardwareProviderStatus
Symbol: WININET_FtpGetCurrentDirectoryA
Symbol: anvioctl_GetOglStereoSettingsEx
Symbol: MSHTML_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteValueW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathBuildRootA
Symbol: imm32_ImmActivateLayout
Symbol: advapi32_FreeEncryptionCertificateHashList
Symbol: advapi32_CryptEnumProviderTypesA
Symbol: kernel32_BindIoCompletionCallback
Symbol: localspl_SplAddMonitor
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantCopyInd
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamStart
Symbol: samlib_SamQueryInformationGroup
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueDefaultCopyA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TMBDelete
Symbol: winntbbu_StopBillBoard
Symbol: utildll_IsPartOfDomain
Symbol: pdh_PdhRelogA
Symbol: oleacc_AccessibleObjectFromEvent
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyForNext
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCopyBytes
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSetUnk
Symbol: mswmdm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msapsspc_MakeSignature
Symbol: glu32_gluQuadricNormals
Symbol: shell32_Options_RunDLLA
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceOpenEnum
Symbol: cdosys_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdUnlock
Symbol: apphelp_AllowPermLayer
Symbol: crtdll__CIlog
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgFreeCAContext
Symbol: crypt32_RegDeleteValueU
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLockMemoryStreamRegion
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAuditAccessObjectAce
Symbol: msdart_FindResourceExI
Symbol: winscard_SCardTransmit
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetSiteName
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetListOfSharedDisksOnVirtualServerW
Symbol: isign32_IEAKProcessISPW
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgIsGlobalDNS
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetSharingAndFirewallSettingsDlg
Symbol: vdmredir_VrInitialized
Symbol: kernel32_CompareStringW
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveOptions
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TMBCreate
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetCounterInfoW
Symbol: ntmsapi_CleanNtmsDrive
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSetUnk
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLeftCharVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcAppActivate
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPPutSignedDataMsg
Symbol: shell32_SHPropStgCreate
Symbol: esent97_JetBeginSession
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordCopyEx
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetGlyphList
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetBuildStrW
Symbol: crtdll_calloc
Symbol: crtdll__creat
Symbol: crtdll__CItan
Symbol: d3dim700_SetLOD
Symbol: user32_SetUserObjectInformationW
Symbol: user32_BuildReasonArray
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoBlockSet
Symbol: ntdll___eFST32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeRangeList
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: lsasrv_DsRolerDemoteDc
Symbol: ole32_StgPropertyLengthAsVariant
Symbol: expsrv___vbaEraseNoPop
Symbol: anvioctl_GetActiveUnit
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleUnregisterServerEx
Symbol: atl_AtlPixelToHiMetric
Symbol: atl_AtlHiMetricToPixel
Symbol: credui_CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsA
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcQueryInfo
Symbol: url_AddMIMEFileTypesPS
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_page_controlW
Symbol: advapi32_RegRestoreKeyW
Symbol: advapi32_AllocateAndInitializeSid
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleFont
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SEMDelete
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetLineStatus
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLeftCharVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcAppActivate
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMidCharBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrVarVal
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaDecodeDestroy
Symbol: iashlpr_FreeAttributes
Symbol: shell32_ShellExecuteExW
Symbol: shell32_ExtractVersionResource16W
Symbol: shell32_ILFree
Symbol: opengl32_wglSwapBuffers
Symbol: opengl32_glEnd
Symbol: crtdll__except_handler2
Symbol: user32_UnregisterMessagePumpHook
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddCRLContextToStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCallbackReturn
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNormalizeProcessParams
Symbol: ntdll_NtDuplicateToken
Symbol: esent_JetGetColumnInfo
Symbol: msdart_CallWindowProcI
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry10
Symbol: gdi32_CreateScalableFontResourceA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCreateObject
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryRecMove
Symbol: URLMON_GetMarkOfTheWeb
Symbol: qcap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingSetPolicy
Symbol: HAL_ExAcquireFastMutex
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceLockStatusW
Symbol: kernel32_SetSystemTimeAdjustment
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteVolumeMountPointW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQuerySpaceRequiredOnDriveW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDevsExW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SEMCreate
Symbol: setupdll_GetSizeOfFile
Symbol: routetab_GetRouteTable
Symbol: pdh_PdhIsRealTimeQuery
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMidCharBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrVarVal
Symbol: wmdmps_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetInterfaceType
Symbol: dsprop_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsUpdateTest_W
Symbol: digest_AcquireCredentialsHandleA
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetTypeInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glColorPointer
Symbol: clusapi_CreateClusterNotifyPort
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsDeleteClassDefinition
Symbol: crtdll__execl
Symbol: crtdll__CIcos
Symbol: syssetup_KeyboardClassInstaller
Symbol: user32_RegisterClassExA
Symbol: ntdll_NtRaiseHardError
Symbol: msdart_CreateWindowExI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecObjectIdentifier
Symbol: gdi32_OffsetWindowOrgEx
Symbol: gdi32_GetWorldTransform
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConsoleTextOut
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry20
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry11
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesIncrementalHandleReset
Symbol: ole32_SetDocumentBitStg
Symbol: ole32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ole32_CoGetContextToken
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetPasswordInfoOnPdc
Symbol: mpr_WNetAddConnectionW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaBoolErrVar
Symbol: mscoree_ClrCreateManagedInstance
Symbol: sfc_os_SfcWLEventLogon
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_SetTVOutChannels
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSUnRegisterSessionNotification
Symbol: kernel32_SizeofResource
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Test_Range_Available
Symbol: userenv_ExpandEnvironmentStringsForUserA
Symbol: nview_NVGetMonGridName
Symbol: utildll_DateTimeString
Symbol: rastls_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: pdh_PdhBrowseCountersA
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLProceduresW
Symbol: nwprovau_NwAddGWDevice
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbGetErrorInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrToAnsi
Symbol: msi_MsiVerifyDiskSpace
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumComponentQualifiersW
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportRatingsW
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugWarmEjectVetoedW
Symbol: glmf32_glsPixelSetupGen
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionVer
Symbol: cards_cdtDraw
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetVersionEx
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsCreateClassDefinition
Symbol: crtdll_fscanf
Symbol: crtdll__kbhit
Symbol: user32_DrawFrameControl
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddCTLContextToStore
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminTransportSetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_bsearch
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFormatMessage
Symbol: netrap_RapAuxDataCount
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry30
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry21
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry12
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaSyncW
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerUseProtseqEp2A
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaRecover
Symbol: w32time_W32TmServiceMain
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetConnectionA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileDateTime
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryBounds
Symbol: isign32_AutoDialSignupW
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmDispatchDefImeMessage
Symbol: kernel32_GetNamedPipeHandleStateA
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetSystemDirectory
Symbol: rasman_IsRasmanProcess
Symbol: setupapi_SetupLogFileA
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetTollListA
Symbol: shsvcs_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLCloseCursor
Symbol: nwprovau_NwCleanupGatewayShares
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrToAnsi
Symbol: mobsync_SyncMgrResolveConflictW
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetStreamType
Symbol: user32_SetDeskWallpaper
Symbol: schedsvc_SysPrepBackup
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIntegerToChar
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCharToInteger
Symbol: ntdll_NtSaveMergedKeys
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheckAndAuditAlarm
Symbol: msdart_GetDlgItemTextI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIForestTrustFindMatch
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry40
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry31
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry22
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry13
Symbol: ole32_OleGetAutoConvert
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFEnumMembers
Symbol: anvioctl_UseDDCMonitor
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vDD4DISPHandlePanCallback
Symbol: ntshrui_SharingDialogW
Symbol: advapi32_MakeAbsoluteSD2
Symbol: kernel32_RemoveLocalAlternateComputerNameA
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemWow64DirectoryA
Symbol: kernel32_GetStringTypeA
Symbol: EqnClass_EnumPropPages
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetDirectoryIdExA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetCustomDevicePropertyW
Symbol: w32topl_ToplIterAdvance
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphCreate
Symbol: syncui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: sti_StiCreateInstanceW
Symbol: psbase_SPDeleteSubtype
Symbol: npptools_GetNetworkInfoFromBlob
Symbol: msls31_LsdnResetPenNode
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductInfoA
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseExportW
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterName
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNetworkCloseEnum
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypePropertyEx
Symbol: iuengine_EngGetHistory
Symbol: crtdll__lseek
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizFreeDigitalSignContext
Symbol: cscdll_Update
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetOIDFunctionValue
Symbol: ntdll___eFST64
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetThreadExecutionState
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueueApcThread
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetThreadPoolStartFunc
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindClearRuns
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryPerformanceCounter
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedZeroChar32String
Symbol: gdi32_GetHFONT
Symbol: gdi32_EqualRgn
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry50
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry41
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry32
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry23
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry14
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCreateDtcResourceW
Symbol: w32time_TimeProvCommand
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryRecCopy
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrLPSZCPToBSTR
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vDD4DISPHandlePanCallback
Symbol: msftedit_IID_ITextHost
Symbol: netapi32_NetRenameMachineInDomain
Symbol: query_LoadBinaryFilter
Symbol: advapi32_InitiateSystemShutdownW
Symbol: localspl_SplDeletePort
Symbol: SCP32_FTranslateUniToCp
Symbol: SCP32_FTranslateCpToUni
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_CreateKey
Symbol: msvcrt20__cabs
Symbol: wow32_WOWDirectedYield16
Symbol: rend_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: psbase_SPCreateSubtype
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRegisterParamChange
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbResetProject
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureInfoW
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATAdminReleaseCatalogContext
Symbol: mciole32_OleQueryObjPos
Symbol: glmf32_glsGLRC
Symbol: shell32_Control_FillCache_RunDLLA
Symbol: esent97_JetGotoBookmark
Symbol: crtdll__ftime
Symbol: user32_TileChildWindows
Symbol: user32_SetMenuItemInfoA
Symbol: user32_CreateMDIWindowW
Symbol: powrprof_ReadProcessorPwrScheme
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPPutSignedDataMsg
Symbol: ntdll__alldiv
Symbol: ntdll___eGetStatusWord
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetComputerNameCompare
Symbol: drprov_NPGetResourceInformation
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_HW_Prof_Flags_ExW
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_cGetAllGlyphHandles
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry51
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry42
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry33
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry24
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry15
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrCStdStubBuffer_Release
Symbol: cryptdll_CDRegisterRng
Symbol: mapi32_FixMAPI
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgSetInstallSourcePath
Symbol: msftedit_DllGetVersion
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryValueW
Symbol: comctl32_CreateMRUListW
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: oleaut32_SystemTimeToVariantTime
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFileQueueCount
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallClassExW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIODelete
Symbol: winntbbu_GetPanelCount
Symbol: w32topl_ToplListAddElem
Symbol: tapi32_lineProxyMessage
Symbol: spoolss_SplDriverUnloadComplete
Symbol: scrrun_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: oleacc_AccessibleObjectFromPoint
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbResetProject
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetDateBstr
Symbol: shell32_SheConvertPathW
Symbol: shell32_SHFree
Symbol: duser_CreateTransition
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateEditor
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetSuperScopeInfoV4
Symbol: asfsipc_IsMyTypeOfFile
Symbol: wmpdxm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll__close
Symbol: crtdll__cgets
Symbol: crtdll__CIsin
Symbol: msvcrt___argc
Symbol: user32_SetThreadDesktop
Symbol: user32_SetKeyboardState
Symbol: ntdll__allrem
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeSid
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedZeroChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_ResetDCW
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry52
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry43
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry34
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry25
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry16
Symbol: version_GetFileVersionInfoSizeW
Symbol: URLMON_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: olesvr32_OleBlockServer
Symbol: anvioctl_SetStereoMode
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpLogicalW
Symbol: imm32_ImmSimulateHotKey
Symbol: HAL_HalRequestSoftwareInterrupt
Symbol: kernel32_UnregisterWait
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromStr
Symbol: rasman_RasRegisterRedialCallback
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIOCreate
Symbol: userenv_DeleteProfileW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserEnum2
Symbol: vss_ps_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: unimdmat_UmAnswerModem
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvGetComputerName
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseDestInfo
Symbol: rastapi_PortDisconnect
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaSetItemListW
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListDestroy
Symbol: ntlanui_ShareAsDialogA0
Symbol: msvcrt40__cabs
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetDateBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCommandBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetHostLCID
Symbol: mlang_ConvertINetReset
Symbol: duser_DUserGetRectPRID
Symbol: duser_DUserGetGutsData
Symbol: d3drm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: qasf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__mkdir
Symbol: msvcrt____unguarded_readlc_active_add_func
Symbol: user32_UnregisterClassA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetQuotaInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtRaiseException
Symbol: ntdll_NtDelayExecution
Symbol: wdigest_SpInstanceInit
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarLookupPrivilegeValue
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_TRUSTED_DOMAIN_INFO
Symbol: gdi32_GetPixel
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry53
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry44
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry35
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry26
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry17
Symbol: WININET_FtpGetFileSize
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarForInit
Symbol: expsrv_rtUI1FromErrVar
Symbol: dxmrtp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserSetInfo
Symbol: ippromon_InitHelperDll
Symbol: secur32_AcquireCredentialsHandleA
Symbol: ssdpapi_GetNextService
Symbol: winmm_midiInGetNumDevs
Symbol: kernel32_GetBinaryTypeW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInterfaceDetailW
Symbol: msvcrt20__read
Symbol: msvcrt20__beep
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccessDel
Symbol: security_InitSecurityInterfaceW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetResourceName
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsObjectAttributeW
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCommandBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetHostLCID
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDateFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetFileAttr
Symbol: mscms_DisassociateColorProfileFromDeviceA
Symbol: shell32_SheShortenPathW
Symbol: cards_cdtInit
Symbol: crtdll__cwait
Symbol: user32_CreateDialogIndirectParamA
Symbol: idq_TerminateExtension
Symbol: crypt32_RegCreateKeyExU
Symbol: wsock32_accept
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySymbolicLinkObject
Symbol: netui1_IsSlowTransport
Symbol: gdi32_PaintRgn
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry54
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry45
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry36
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry27
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry18
Symbol: ole32_OleRegGetUserType
Symbol: samsrv_SampUsingDsData
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCVarAryUdt
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryVarVarg
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHAutoComplete
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathStripPathA
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetItemPropAttribs
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiEnumDriverInfoW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGetDCName
Symbol: uniplat_ResetCallCount
Symbol: setupdll_DoesFileExist
Symbol: security_UnsealMessage
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLGetStmtAttr
Symbol: msvcp50__FXbig
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDateFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetFileAttr
Symbol: mspmsp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msi_MsiInstallMissingComponentW
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductCodeW
Symbol: mpg4dmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: shell32_SHChangeNotification_Lock
Symbol: shell32_WOWShellExecute
Symbol: shell32_Control_RunDLLW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnetClientsV4
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetSchemaObjectCount
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdDestroyD3DBuffer
Symbol: laprxy_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll_rename
Symbol: crtdll_malloc
Symbol: crtdll__sleep
Symbol: crtdll__isnan
Symbol: crtdll__CIexp
Symbol: user32_DdeEnableCallback
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindRDNAttr
Symbol: wsock32_WSAAsyncGetProtoByNumber
Symbol: ntdll__allshl
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeStringToOemSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetTimeZoneInformation
Symbol: ntdll_RtlOemStringToUnicodeSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetFirstRange
Symbol: SQLSRV32_ConnectDlgProc
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_DevNode_Status_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_STROBJ_vEnumStart
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry55
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry46
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry37
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry28
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry19
Symbol: samsrv_SamIOpenAccount
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCInstallState
Symbol: WININET_FtpSetCurrentDirectoryA
Symbol: URLMON_RegisterFormatEnumerator
Symbol: anvioctl_SetOglStereoSettingsEx
Symbol: atl_AtlAdvise
Symbol: netapi32_NetSessionEnum
Symbol: imgutil_ComputeInvCMAP
Symbol: msvcp60__FXbig
Symbol: comctl32_PropertySheetA
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessPriorityBoost
Symbol: wiadss_GetLoaderStatus
Symbol: upnpui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_linePrepareAddToConference
Symbol: rasmontr_InitHelperDll
Symbol: msvcrt40__read
Symbol: msvcrt40__beep
Symbol: mcd32_MCDQueryMemStatus
Symbol: shell32_SHExtractIconsW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnetClientsV5
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterGroupNodeList
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTP
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetDefaultHardErrorPort
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenKeyedEvent
Symbol: ODBC32_GetODBCSharedData
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetDiagRecW
Symbol: mswsock_GetTypeByNameA
Symbol: mswsock_GetNameByTypeA
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry56
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry47
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry38
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry29
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_Disconnect
Symbol: ole32_CoSetProxyBlanket
Symbol: expsrv_DllFunctionCall
Symbol: kernel32_Sleep
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetInstanceInfo
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLMoreResults
Symbol: msvcrt40___RTCastToVoid
Symbol: mll_qic_ClaimMediaLabel
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAGetStreamInfo
Symbol: iprop_PropVariantClear
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetContextubz
Symbol: qdvd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: digest_VerifySignature
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionVer
Symbol: crtdll__execv
Symbol: crtdll___pxcptinfoptrs
Symbol: crypt32_I_CertSrvProtectFunction
Symbol: ntdll_ZwImpersonateClientOfPort
Symbol: davclnt_NPEnumResource
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: winscard_g_rgSCardT0Pci
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncObjectIdentifier
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetInformationPolicy
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry48
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry39
Symbol: wintrust_IsCatalogFile
Symbol: expsrv_EbLibraryUnload
Symbol: anvioctl_MonitorSelect
Symbol: anvioctl_SetActiveUnit
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQueryValueW
Symbol: srclient_SRUpdateMonitoredListW
Symbol: rasdlg_RouterEntryDlgA
Symbol: wshext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: spoolss_DllAllocSplMem
Symbol: security_MakeSignature
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLGetStmtAttr
Symbol: msvcp50__FCosh
Symbol: msports_ComDBClaimPort
Symbol: msls31_LsResetRMInCurrentSubline
Symbol: esent97_JetEscrowUpdate
Symbol: cmutil_CmFree
Symbol: cards_cdtTerm
Symbol: syssetup_UpdatePnpDeviceDrivers
Symbol: user32_LockWindowUpdate
Symbol: user32_EnumChildWindows
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSIssueNewLicenseExEx
Symbol: powrprof_CallNtPowerInformation
Symbol: crypt32_CryptRegisterOIDFunction
Symbol: ntdll_isalpha
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetLowWaitHighEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetHighWaitLowEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeleteValueKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryFullAttributesFile
Symbol: esent_JetIdle
Symbol: winscard_g_rgSCardT1Pci
Symbol: gdi32_DdEntry49
Symbol: expsrv_EbCreateContext
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGenerateFileName
Symbol: msvcp60__FCosh
Symbol: kernel32_Process32FirstW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableLookUpStringEx
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TSKDelete
Symbol: w32topl_ToplListNumberOfElements
Symbol: synceng_CreateTwinList
Symbol: setupdll_GetDosPathVar
Symbol: rastapi_PortSetFraming
Symbol: nwprovau_NwRegisterGatewayShare
Symbol: npptools_UnMarshalBlob
Symbol: glmf32_glsLong
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundCaptureCreate8
Symbol: crtdll_memchr
Symbol: crtdll_fclose
Symbol: crtdll__cexit
Symbol: user32_QuerySendMessage
Symbol: user32_DdeQueryConvInfo
Symbol: cryptui_I_CryptUIProtectFailure
Symbol: powrprof_ReadPwrScheme
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeToOemN
Symbol: ntdll_RtlOemToUnicodeN
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteNoSplay
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCheckForOrphanedCriticalSections
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Log_Conf_Priority
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Child_Ex
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Delete_Range
Symbol: gdi32_SetWorldTransform
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_AddRef
Symbol: samsrv_SamINotifyDelta
Symbol: WININET_UrlZonesDetach
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUnExpandEnvStringsW
Symbol: imm32_ImmIsIME
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetDevCapsW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueCopySectionA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TSKCreate
Symbol: userenv_DestroyEnvironmentBlock
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeString
Symbol: tapi3_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: sensapi_IsNetworkAlive
Symbol: senscfg_SensUnregister
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLMoreResults
Symbol: nwprovau_NPPasswordChangeNotify
Symbol: nwprovau_GetServiceItemFromList
Symbol: msls31_LsDisplaySubline
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrGetTrap
Symbol: jsproxy_InternetDeInitializeAutoProxyDll
Symbol: ftsrch_ScanDisplayText
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceTypeEnum
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildLDAPPathFromADsPath
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildADsPathFromLDAPPath
Symbol: crtdll__rmdir
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMemRealloc
Symbol: ntdll___eFTST
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetAttributesSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetCurrentPeb
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeOemString
Symbol: winipsec_EnumMMFilters
Symbol: WININET_InternetHangUp
Symbol: mpr_WNetSetConnectionA
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetResourceInformationW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileLocation
Symbol: expsrv___vbaMidStmtVar
Symbol: expsrv_EbSetContextWorkerThread
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLForeignKeys
Symbol: winmm_gfxEnumerateGfxs
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_encode_sort_controlA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDeviceInterfaceDefault
Symbol: msvcrt20_fread
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerAuthenticate
Symbol: uxtheme_GetWindowTheme
Symbol: spoolss_FreeOtherNames
Symbol: spoolss_EndPagePrinter
Symbol: setupdll_SetupAddPrinterMonitor
Symbol: ncxpnt_EnumNetAdapters
Symbol: msvcp50__LXbig
Symbol: msvcp50__FSnan
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCompareBstr
Symbol: msi_MsiInstallProductA
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumb
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEnumMMFontsW
Symbol: crtdll_sscanf
Symbol: crtdll_signal
Symbol: msvcrt__scalb
Symbol: user32_GetTaskmanWindow
Symbol: user32_GetMenuItemInfoW
Symbol: ntdll__allshr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDuplicateToken
Symbol: ntdll_NtYieldExecution
Symbol: drprov_NPGetConnection
Symbol: msdart_SetDlgItemTextI
Symbol: msgina_WlxLoggedOutSAS
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecObjectIdentifier
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIQueryInformationPolicyTrusted
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsBindWithSpnW
Symbol: ole32_OleSetAutoConvert
Symbol: mpr_WNetUseConnectionA
Symbol: mscoree_CorExitProcess
Symbol: msvcp60__LXbig
Symbol: msvcp60__FSnan
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetOptions
Symbol: msvcrt20__logb
Symbol: tapi32_lineMonitorTones
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseEntities
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCompareBstr
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetPlsrunsFromSubline
Symbol: duser_DllMain
Symbol: quartz_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dmutil_FTrace
Symbol: dmintf_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: dpvvox_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventLogoff
Symbol: crtdll_memcmp
Symbol: msvcrt__set_SSE2_enable
Symbol: user32_IsChild
Symbol: user32_GetAsyncKeyState
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSetOIDFunctionValue
Symbol: ntdll__allmul
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRaiseHardError
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeToMultiByteSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMultiByteToUnicodeSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitNlsTables
Symbol: esent_JetGetCursorInfo
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarOpenAccount
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetDateValue
Symbol: credui_CredUIConfirmCredentialsA
Symbol: advapi32_CredUnmarshalCredentialW
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemTimes
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinter
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccessGetUserPerms
Symbol: utildll_GetUserFromSid
Symbol: ufat_ChkdskEx
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLStatisticsW
Symbol: npptools_SetBoolInBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40_fread
Symbol: msvcp50__FSinh
Symbol: msi_MsiSetInstallLevel
Symbol: jet500_JetTerm2
Symbol: ipxpromn_InitHelperDll
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumd
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumSymbols
Symbol: mprui_WNetBrowseDialog
Symbol: crtdll_fgetwc
Symbol: crtdll__umask
Symbol: d3dim700_D3DFree
Symbol: syssetup_AsrpGetLocalVolumeInfo
Symbol: user32_DrawCaptionTempW
Symbol: zipfldr_RegisterSendto
Symbol: ntdll__chkstk
Symbol: ntdll_NtIsProcessInJob
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLNumResultCols
Symbol: gdi32_Polyline
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98ShowNavPane
Symbol: Audio3D_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: inetcfg_IsSmartStartEx
Symbol: msvcp60__FSinh
Symbol: query_CIBuildQueryNode
Symbol: secur32_VerifySignature
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualProtect
Symbol: rasman_RasGetFramingCapabilities
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupRealloc
Symbol: win32spl_InitializePrintProvidor
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubCleanup
Symbol: msvcrt40__logb
Symbol: msvcp50__LCosh
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSetDateBstr
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureCostW
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumComponentsA
Symbol: jgaw400_JgATerminatePlay
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpRouteEntryToStack
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventStopScreenSaver
Symbol: crtdll__popen
Symbol: crtdll__fstat
Symbol: crtdll__CIpow
Symbol: user32_WaitForInputIdle
Symbol: ntdll_isspace
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSaveMergedKeys
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheckAndAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRealSuccessor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCompareString
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetStmtOption
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_TRUSTED_ENUM_BUFFER
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarForNext
Symbol: msvcp60__LCosh
Symbol: qmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winsta__WinStationCheckForApplicationName
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrUnlockThread
Symbol: rasman_RasProtocolEnum
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_Alias_ExA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIOSelect
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvBuildSysIniPath
Symbol: setupdll_GetNtBootInfo
Symbol: rtm_RtmHoldDestination
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsEntryObjectInqBeginA
Symbol: rasmans_ServiceRequest
Symbol: oleacc_CreateStdAccessibleProxyA
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRenewIpAddressLease
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSetDateBstr
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFileVersionW
Symbol: glu32_gluQuadricTexture
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumf
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymPrev64
Symbol: crtdll_wscanf
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptAllocTls
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryPerformanceCounter
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_SizeA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx_uoctets
Symbol: gdi32_SetPixel
Symbol: ole32_CLSIDFromOle1Class
Symbol: samsrv_SamrDeleteGroup
Symbol: WININET_FtpGetCurrentDirectoryW
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerGetLevel
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathBuildRootW
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonReadChangeLog
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOidCmp
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_err2stringA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptImportKey
Symbol: advapi32_CryptEnumProviderTypesW
Symbol: oleaut32_SysAllocString
Symbol: printui_PrinterPropPageProvider
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueDefaultCopyW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Size_Ex
Symbol: msr2c_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cscui_CSCUIOptionsPropertySheet
Symbol: wow32_WOW32ResolveHandle
Symbol: nvcpl_dtcfgex
Symbol: unimdmat_UmDuplicateDeviceHandle
Symbol: setupdll_GetSystemDate
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetChangeStatus
Symbol: pdh_PdhRelogW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLMoreResults
Symbol: ocmanage_OcCreateOcPage
Symbol: nwprovau_InitializeDll
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupIsDriverInstalled
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupCreateMonitorInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcAppleScript
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSetFileAttr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrFixstr
Symbol: shell32_Options_RunDLLW
Symbol: opengl32_glTexSubImage1D
Symbol: crtdll_gmtime
Symbol: crtdll__utime
Symbol: crtdll__putch
Symbol: msvcrt__chdir
Symbol: user32_MapVirtualKeyExA
Symbol: user32_GetProgmanWindow
Symbol: user32_GetDCEx
Symbol: clb_CustomControlInfoW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptImportPublicKeyInfo
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCompareMemory
Symbol: ntdll_LdrEnumResources
Symbol: ntdll_CsrProbeForWrite
Symbol: msdart_GetTextMetricsI
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetDescRecW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Res_Des
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedLength
Symbol: gdi32_CreateEnhMetaFileA
Symbol: mtxoci_obreak
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetDayOfWeek
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrCompVar
Symbol: expsrv_TipGetAddressOfPredeclaredInstance
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98ShowSeeAlso
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocQueryKeyA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_sort_controlA
Symbol: comdlg32_Ssync_ANSI_UNICODE_Struct_For_WOW
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrSetBackgroundPriority
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDebugProcess
Symbol: imagehlp_SymSetContext
Symbol: imagehlp_EnumerateLoadedModules64
Symbol: kernel32_BuildCommDCBAndTimeoutsA
Symbol: oleaut32_BstrFromVector
Symbol: oleaut32_VectorFromBstr
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromStr
Symbol: msvcrt20__HUGE
Symbol: rtm_RtmLockDestination
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetStmtAttr
Symbol: ntmsapi_MountNtmsMedia
Symbol: ncxpnt_InstallMSClient
Symbol: msvcp50__LSnan
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcAppleScript
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSetFileAttr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrFixstr
Symbol: mp4sdmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: mobsync_RunDllRegister
Symbol: mll_mtf_ClaimMediaLabel
Symbol: ipxmontr_InitHelperDll
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymNext64
Symbol: opengl32_glTexSubImage2D
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceAdvancedPropertiesA
Symbol: iuengine_DeleteEngUpdateInstance
Symbol: crtdll__ultoa
Symbol: crtdll__sopen
Symbol: crtdll__ctype
Symbol: msvcrt__getch
Symbol: msvcrt__fmode
Symbol: msvcrt__chmod
Symbol: user32_GetMenuItemCount
Symbol: ntdll__ui64toa
Symbol: ntdll_NtIsSystemResumeAutomatic
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: mtxoci_odefin
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATGetCatAttrInfo
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeIsValidAppTopicListA
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__FlushAsyncTrace
Symbol: credui_CredUICmdLinePromptForCredentialsW
Symbol: msvcp60__LSnan
Symbol: mtxex_GetObjectContext
Symbol: winmm_waveOutBreakLoop
Symbol: kernel32_SetProcessPriorityBoost
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Next_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20_fgetc
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvOpenUserClasses
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFreeEnvironment
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilExpandEnvironmentStrings
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLAllocHandleStdW
Symbol: npptools_FilterNPPBlob
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumi
Symbol: shell32_DAD_SetDragImage
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveOptionValueV5
Symbol: compstui_CommonPropertySheetUIA
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdLockD3D
Symbol: iuengine_CreateEngUpdateInstance
Symbol: crtdll_wcscat
Symbol: crtdll__errno
Symbol: user32_IsClipboardFormatAvailable
Symbol: clb_ClbStyleW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRaiseException
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDelayExecution
Symbol: esent_JetSeek
Symbol: ODBC32_CloseODBCPerfData
Symbol: msdart_mpFree
Symbol: gdi32_CreateScalableFontResourceW
Symbol: ole32_CoGetCurrentLogicalThreadId
Symbol: samsrv_SampInvalidateDomainCache
Symbol: mtxoci_obndra
Symbol: BROWSEUI_DllGetVersion
Symbol: icfgnt5_InetGetAutodial
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLGetTypeInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenDeviceInterfaceRegKey
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Is_Version_Available
Symbol: nview_NVStoreModeInfoInRegistry
Symbol: t2embed_TTCharToUnicode
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyUserName
Symbol: polstore_IPSecGetAssignedDomainPolicyName
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvGetAccessInfoPerObjectType
Symbol: netman_NetManDiagFromCommandArgs
Symbol: msvcrt40__HUGE
Symbol: msvcp50__LSinh
Symbol: msvcirt___dummy_export
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetTimeBstr
Symbol: msls31_LsdnQueryPenNode
Symbol: mprddm_IfObjectLoadPhonebookInfo
Symbol: iassvcs_IASRadiusCrypt
Symbol: glu32_gluTessEndPolygon
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsCopyStringEx
Symbol: digest_AcquireCredentialsHandleW
Symbol: dbghelp_SymRegisterFunctionEntryCallback64
Symbol: crtdll_ungetc
Symbol: msvcrt__lfind
Symbol: user32_RegisterClassExW
Symbol: ntdll_isdigit
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationProcess
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecTableChar32String
Symbol: gdi32_PolyDraw
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerRegisterForwardFunction
Symbol: ole32_WriteStringStream
Symbol: es_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mpr_WNetFMXGetPermCaps
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHSkipJunction
Symbol: msvcp60__LSinh
Symbol: dcfft2_fftc4_256
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOidToA
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetNumDevs
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCloseLog
Symbol: msvcrt20_scanf
Symbol: userenv_ExpandEnvironmentStringsForUserW
Symbol: nvmctray_NvTaskbarInit
Symbol: spoolss_DbgGetPointers
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetMfe
Symbol: rastapi_PortSetIoCompletionPort
Symbol: pdh_PdhBrowseCountersW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetStmtAttr
Symbol: netshell_NetSetupPrepareSysPrep
Symbol: msvcrt40_fgetc
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetTimeBstr
Symbol: opengl32_wglCopyContext
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterControl
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Hermite
Symbol: dx7vb_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: drmv2clt_MakeEscapedURL
Symbol: crtdll_mktime
Symbol: crtdll__msize
Symbol: msvcrt__CIlog
Symbol: user32_GetLastInputInfo
Symbol: newdev_UpdateDriverForPlugAndPlayDevicesA
Symbol: wsock32_select
Symbol: ntdll_isgraph
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyRangeList
Symbol: gdi32_CreateCompatibleDC
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcNsBindingInqEntryNameA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerUseProtseqEp2W
Symbol: WININET_DeleteUrlCacheContainerA
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetConnectionW
Symbol: URLMON_WriteHitLogging
Symbol: kernel32_GetNamedPipeHandleStateW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupLogFileW
Symbol: msvcrt20_clock
Symbol: msvcrt20__swab
Symbol: msvcrt20__itoa
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetTollListW
Symbol: synceng_IsPathOnVolume
Symbol: msvcrt40__inpd
Symbol: msvcp50__Dnorm
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpNetEntry
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpAddrTableFromStack
Symbol: glu32_gluTessEndContour
Symbol: glmf32_glsNuml
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCaptureDispatchTable
Symbol: esent97_JetResetCounter
Symbol: dx8vb_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Hermite
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCanCreateSurface
Symbol: crtdll_fflush
Symbol: syssetup_DoInstallComponentInfs
Symbol: msvcrt_calloc
Symbol: msvcrt__creat
Symbol: msvcrt___argv
Symbol: msvcrt__CItan
Symbol: user32_AdjustWindowRect
Symbol: wsock32_WSAGetLastError
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenKeyedEvent
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncObjectIdentifier
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecTableChar16String
Symbol: mtxoci_ofetch
Symbol: WININET_CreateUrlCacheContainerA
Symbol: mpr_WNetFMXGetPermHelp
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLeftCharBstr
Symbol: msvcp60__Dnorm
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymPrev
Symbol: kernel32_RemoveLocalAlternateComputerNameW
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemWow64DirectoryW
Symbol: kernel32_GetStringTypeW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasesLengthA
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumPrintProcessors
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileReadData
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetDirectoryIdExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__pipe
Symbol: nview_NViewGridSetting
Symbol: nview_NVGetMonitorName
Symbol: msvcrt40_scanf
Symbol: msvcp50_mbrlen
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSaveSetting
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarIndexLoadRefLock
Symbol: msls31_LsSqueezeSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductInfoW
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminConnectionGetInfo
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFolderPathAndSubDirA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetSuperScopeInfoV4DS
Symbol: dciman32_GetDCRegionData
Symbol: avicap32_capGetDriverDescriptionA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Hermite
Symbol: crtdll_setbuf
Symbol: crtdll_rewind
Symbol: crtdll_getenv
Symbol: msvcrt__except_handler2
Symbol: user32_GetDesktopWindow
Symbol: user32_EndTask
Symbol: mprapi_MprGetUsrParams
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertBitmapV5
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrStubCall2
Symbol: wintrust_DriverInitializePolicy
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRightCharVar
Symbol: msutb_ClosePopupTipbar
Symbol: msvcp60_mbrlen
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ReadImageFile
Symbol: advapi32_FreeEncryptedFileKeyInfo
Symbol: advapi32_CryptExportKey
Symbol: msvcrt20_mblen
Symbol: msvcrt20_fseek
Symbol: msvcrt20__global_unwind2
Symbol: uxtheme_SetWindowTheme
Symbol: synceng_DestroyRecList
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupInstallInboxDriverSilently
Symbol: msvcrt40_clock
Symbol: msvcrt40__swab
Symbol: msvcrt40__itoa
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSaveSetting
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarIndexLoadRefLock
Symbol: lmrt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: iassvcs_IASReportEvent
Symbol: shell32_Control_FillCache_RunDLLW
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAcquireContextHandle_A
Symbol: dispex_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: cmdial32_InetDialHandler
Symbol: certcli_CAAccessCheckEx
Symbol: crtdll_wcschr
Symbol: crtdll__write
Symbol: d3dim700_D3DTextureUpdate
Symbol: msctfp_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: msvcrt__execl
Symbol: msvcrt__except_handler3
Symbol: msvcrt__CIcos
Symbol: wmsdmoe2_CreateInstance
Symbol: user32_SetTaskmanWindow
Symbol: user32_SetMenuItemInfoW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CertSyncStore
Symbol: crypt32_CryptExportPublicKeyInfo
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryFullAttributesFile
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLExecDirectW
Symbol: rtutils_TracePrintfExA
Symbol: clbcatq_ActivatorUpdateForIsRouterChanges
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLsetFixstr
Symbol: dpnet_DirectPlay8Create
Symbol: query_CIBuildQueryTree
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilIdsToA
Symbol: winmm_mmGetCurrentTask
Symbol: imagehlp_SymSetOptions
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymNext
Symbol: localspl_SplPowerEvent
Symbol: msvcrt20__ltoa
Symbol: cscui_CSCUIRemoveFolderFromCache
Symbol: spoolss_ProvidorFindClosePrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphClose
Symbol: msvfw32_ICInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40__pipe
Symbol: mobsync_SyncMgrRasProc
Symbol: keymgr_PRShowRestoreFromMsginaW
Symbol: duser_RemoveGadgetMessageHandler
Symbol: faultrep_ReportEREvent
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateWriter
Symbol: wmi_WmiFileHandleToInstanceNameA
Symbol: crtdll_memset
Symbol: crtdll_memcpy
Symbol: msvcrt_fscanf
Symbol: msvcrt__kbhit
Symbol: user32_ToAscii
Symbol: user32_RegisterTasklist
Symbol: user32_EndMenu
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsTextUnicode
Symbol: schannel_CloseSslPerformanceData
Symbol: gdi32_MoveToEx
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrVarMove
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGetTermSrvCountersValue
Symbol: localspl_SplSetPrinter
Symbol: msvcrt20__tell
Symbol: msrating_RatingSetupUI
Symbol: drmclien_QueryXferToPM
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeDestroy
Symbol: setupdll_ProcessForUNC
Symbol: rtm_DumpTable
Symbol: perfctrs_CloseNbfPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_mblen
Symbol: msvcrt40_fseek
Symbol: msvcrt40__global_unwind2
Symbol: msvcp50__Dtest
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLeftTrimVar
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetPrimaryDomainName_A
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerQueryDnsRegCredentials
Symbol: crtdll_wctomb
Symbol: crtdll_wcslen
Symbol: crtdll_mbtowc
Symbol: crtdll__lrotl
Symbol: user32_UnregisterClassW
Symbol: user32_DdeFreeDataHandle
Symbol: ntdll_wcsncat
Symbol: netui1_MNetConfigGetAll
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLFetchScroll
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcSendReceive
Symbol: mpr_WNetAddConnection2A
Symbol: imm32_ImmDestroyContext
Symbol: msvcp60__Dtest
Symbol: mtxex_SafeRef
Symbol: secur32_AcquireCredentialsHandleW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaLookupNames2
Symbol: imagehlp_SymRegisterFunctionEntryCallback
Symbol: kernel32_RtlCaptureStackBackTrace
Symbol: kernel32_FreeLibraryAndExitThread
Symbol: msvcrt20__open
Symbol: msvcrt20__ecvt
Symbol: nview_NVDesktopToolbar
Symbol: srsvc_DllMain
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetNextMfeStats
Symbol: msvfw32_ICDraw
Symbol: msvcrt40__ltoa
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLeftTrimVar
Symbol: mscms_DisassociateColorProfileFromDeviceW
Symbol: wmvdmoe2_CreateInstance
Symbol: crtdll_wcscmp
Symbol: crtdll_tmpnam
Symbol: msvcrt__lseek
Symbol: user32_CreateDialogIndirectParamW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwYieldExecution
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopySecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySemaphore
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetStmtOption
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Depth_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedLength
Symbol: mpr_WNetAddConnection3A
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetProxyEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathStripPathW
Symbol: itss_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetVolume
Symbol: msvcrt20_ctime
Symbol: msvcrt20__fcvt
Symbol: userenv_GetProfileType
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHOpenSocket
Symbol: upnp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLTablePrivileges
Symbol: odbcconf_IsModuleLoadedByProcess
Symbol: msvcrt40__tell
Symbol: msvcp50__Stold
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPGetInfo
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDInputSegment
Symbol: iprop_StgCreatePropStg
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackConnectionRequest
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventUnlock
Symbol: wuaueng_GetAUOptionsEx
Symbol: crtdll_remove
Symbol: crtdll__cputs
Symbol: crtdll___mb_cur_max_dll
Symbol: syssetup_ComputerClassInstaller
Symbol: msvcrt__ftime
Symbol: cscdll_CSCEncryptDecryptDatabase
Symbol: ntdll__CIsqrt
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarLookupNames
Symbol: WININET_FtpSetCurrentDirectoryW
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetGetSecurityUrl
Symbol: wuaueng1_ServiceHandler
Symbol: netapi32_NetpTStrArrayEntryCount
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNtStatusToApiStatus
Symbol: netapi32_NetpApiStatusToNtStatus
Symbol: iesetup_FixIE
Symbol: msvcp60__Stold
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOidCpy
Symbol: wiaservc_DllEntryPoint
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_value_freeA
Symbol: comctl32_PropertySheetW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_OpenKeyEx
Symbol: msvcrt20__gcvt
Symbol: nview_HKEnumRotateKeys
Symbol: nview_WMGetSettingHWND
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvSwapBuffers
Symbol: msvcrt40__open
Symbol: msvcrt40__ecvt
Symbol: modemui_drvGetDefaultCommConfigA
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrRequest
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetStreamInfo
Symbol: ieakeng_DeleteADMItemsA
Symbol: glmf32_glsNums
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateQueryCancelAutoPlayMoniker
Symbol: netfxperf_CollectPerformanceData
Symbol: crtdll_atexit
Symbol: crtdll__rmtmp
Symbol: msvcrt__close
Symbol: msvcrt__cgets
Symbol: msvcrt__CIsin
Symbol: user32_SetProgmanWindow
Symbol: ntdll_memmove
Symbol: ntdll_ZwIsProcessInJob
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertUiListToApiList
Symbol: mswsock_GetTypeByNameW
Symbol: mswsock_GetNameByTypeW
Symbol: gdi32_GetDeviceGammaRamp
Symbol: mtxoci_odescr
Symbol: sfc_SRSetRestorePointA
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetPerSiteCookieDecisionA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrVarCopy
Symbol: anvioctl_GetNVRegistry
Symbol: mapi32_RTFSync
Symbol: isign32_Signup
Symbol: advapi32_WmiReceiveNotificationsA
Symbol: SCP32_DllStart
Symbol: msvcrt20_raise
Symbol: msvcrt20__ftol
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysInt
Symbol: nwprovau_NwGetUserNameForServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_ctime
Symbol: msvcrt40__fcvt
Symbol: mobsync_DisplayOptions
Symbol: mmutilse_rand
Symbol: msdmo_DMOEnum
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgIsFileSharingTurnedOn
Symbol: crtdll_ferror
Symbol: msvcrt__mkdir
Symbol: msvcrt__i64toa
Symbol: msvcrt__atoi64
Symbol: user32_SetShellWindowEx
Symbol: wsock32_socket
Symbol: netui1_MxAsciifyRpcEnumBufferAux
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncTableChar32String
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetTimeValue
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrTextCmp
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRsetFixstr
Symbol: expsrv__CIlog
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIEPrint
Symbol: comctl32_DrawStatusText
Symbol: rasdlg_RouterEntryDlgW
Symbol: nvcpl_queryappprofiles
Symbol: ufat_FormatEx
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateRouteEnum
Symbol: perfctrs_OpenDhcpPerformanceData
Symbol: msvfw32_ICOpen
Symbol: msvcrt40__gcvt
Symbol: msls31_LsDestroySubline
Symbol: modemui_CountryRunOnce
Symbol: esent97_JetComputeStats
Symbol: d3dim_SurfaceFlipNotify
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Project
Symbol: crtdll_strcat
Symbol: crtdll_fwrite
Symbol: msvcrt__cwait
Symbol: mprapi_MprPortSetUsage
Symbol: ntdll_NtClose
Symbol: ntdll_CsrIdentifyAlertableThread
Symbol: esent_JetInit
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Unregister_Device_Interface_ExA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CMP_RegisterNotification
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerAllocateIpPort
Symbol: ole32_PropSysFreeString
Symbol: expsrv_rtcBstrFromChar
Symbol: expsrv__CItan
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIOpenLocalFormContainer
Symbol: icfgnt5_InetSetAutodial
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpFreeContext
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiCompareTokenLevels
Symbol: msvcrt20__getw
Symbol: wmv8dmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: tapiperf_OpenTapiPerformanceData
Symbol: sisbkup_SisFreeRestoreStructure
Symbol: odbcjt32_InitDialogAgain
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupRefreshDriverList
Symbol: msvcrt40_raise
Symbol: msvcrt40__ftol
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSetTimeBstr
Symbol: mscms_GetPS2ColorRenderingIntent
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsStatusString
Symbol: wmasf_CreateAsfCellPoolAllocator
Symbol: crtdll__lrotr
Symbol: msvcrt_rename
Symbol: msvcrt_malloc
Symbol: msvcrt__time64
Symbol: msvcrt__sleep
Symbol: msvcrt__isnan
Symbol: msvcrt__CIexp
Symbol: user32_TrackPopupMenuEx
Symbol: authz_AuthzFreeContext
Symbol: ntdll_isalnum
Symbol: netui1_MxAsciifyInplace
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHOpenSocket
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncTableChar16String
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIEventNotify
Symbol: gdi32_TextOutA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrStubInitializeMarshall
Symbol: mtxoci_obndrn
Symbol: WININET_InternetAutodialCallback
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLowerCaseVar
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_CLASS_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: expsrv_TipCreateInstanceProject2
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateReader
Symbol: cabinet_FCIFlushCabinet
Symbol: netlogon_I_DsGetDcCache
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetChangedValueGuid
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_explode_dnA
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualQueryEx
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileGetKeyValueFields
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueCopySectionW
Symbol: msvcrt20_ftell
Symbol: wlnotify_SensLockEvent
Symbol: uniplat_FreeOverStruct
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseNextHops
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpStaticRefreshParams
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSetTimeBstr
Symbol: msls31_LsSetCompression
Symbol: msencode_FetchMsEncodeDllVersion
Symbol: esent97_JetGotoPosition
Symbol: d3d9_PSGPError
Symbol: crtdll_printf
Symbol: crtdll__hypot
Symbol: user32_UnregisterHotKey
Symbol: user32_OpenInputDesktop
Symbol: user32_GetSystemMetrics
Symbol: ntdll_ZwIsSystemResumeAutomatic
Symbol: esent_JetSnapshotStart
Symbol: esent_JetDetachDatabase
Symbol: mpr_WNetSetConnectionW
Symbol: expsrv__CIcos
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleGetPrimaryDomainInformation
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_encode_sort_controlW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_extA
Symbol: advapi32_SaferGetLevelInformation
Symbol: oleaut32_VarOr
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enumerate_Classes_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20_srand
Symbol: msvcrt20_fopen
Symbol: msvcrt20_abort
Symbol: setupdll_GetMemorySize
Symbol: msvcrt40__getw
Symbol: msi_MsiInstallProductW
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdBeginMoCompFrame
Symbol: crtdll_wcstod
Symbol: msvcrt__execv
Symbol: msvcrt___pxcptinfoptrs
Symbol: user32_GetMenu
Symbol: wsock32_WSASetLastError
Symbol: wsock32_sendto
Symbol: ntdll_wcsncmp
Symbol: ntdll_NtSuspendProcess
Symbol: netui0_InitCompareParam
Symbol: esent_JetMove
Symbol: mtxoci_oclose
Symbol: WININET_HttpQueryInfoA
Symbol: mpr_WNetUseConnectionW
Symbol: msnsspc_QueryContextAttributesA
Symbol: query_DoneCIISAPIPerformanceData
Symbol: regapi_RegGetUserConfigFromUserParameters
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_DragShowNolock
Symbol: imagehlp_SymFunctionTableAccess64
Symbol: msvcrt20_fgets
Symbol: msvcrt20__exit
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventLogoff
Symbol: w32topl_ToplHeapDestroy
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigDialogA
Symbol: storprop_VolumePropPageProvider
Symbol: spoolss_UndoAlignKMPtr
Symbol: spoolss_SplReadPrinter
Symbol: rpcns4_I_RpcNsGetBuffer
Symbol: msvcrt40_ftell
Symbol: wmdmps_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: gcdef_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveMScopeElement
Symbol: cmutil_IsLogonAsSystem
Symbol: ntdll_wcsrchr
Symbol: ntdll_wcspbrk
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationProcess
Symbol: esent_JetTerm
Symbol: mswsock_EnumProtocolsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingCopy
Symbol: samsrv_SamrQueryInformationUser
Symbol: samsrv_SamIPromoteUndo
Symbol: mtxoci_ologof
Symbol: expsrv_TipInvokeMethod
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetHourOfDay
Symbol: expsrv_rtcUpperCaseVar
Symbol: MSOERT2_OpenFileStreamWithFlagsW
Symbol: icfgnt5_InetGetSupportedPlatform
Symbol: credui_CredUIConfirmCredentialsW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_simple_bind
Symbol: msvcrt20_getwc
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxCloseCursor
Symbol: w32topl_ToplHeapIsEmpty
Symbol: shsvcs_BadApplicationServiceMain
Symbol: msvcrt40_srand
Symbol: msvcrt40_fopen
Symbol: msvcrt40_abort
Symbol: msvcp50__Rteps
Symbol: ieakeng_GetAdmFileListA
Symbol: shell32_SHShellFolderView_Message
Symbol: adptif_FwStop
Symbol: crtdll_strchr
Symbol: msvcrt_memchr
Symbol: msvcrt_fclose
Symbol: msvcrt__cexit
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceGetInfo
Symbol: wsock32_listen
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingStructMarshall
Symbol: samsrv_SamILoadDownlevelDatabase
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFormatNumber
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDDB
Symbol: msvcp60__Rteps
Symbol: lame_enc_beDeinitStream
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_extA
Symbol: kernel32_GetUserDefaultUILanguage
Symbol: msvcrt20__stat
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQAdd
Symbol: ir50_qc_FreeInstanceData
Symbol: ir41_qc_FreeInstanceData
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeleteRouteList
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpQueryAuthSchemes
Symbol: msvcrt40_fgets
Symbol: msvcrt40__exit
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumComponentsW
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptnetWlxLogoffEvent
Symbol: msvcrt__rmdir
Symbol: user32_BringWindowToTop
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgSignCTL
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUlongByteSwap
Symbol: esent_JetOpenTempTable2
Symbol: mtxoci_ogetpi
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLPrimaryKeys
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSOpenServerA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_Alias_ExW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetShareEnum
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexGetId
Symbol: spoolss_DeleteMonitorW
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateRouteList
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsEntryObjectInqBeginW
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIChangeIconA
Symbol: oleacc_CreateStdAccessibleProxyW
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLGetDescField
Symbol: netshell_NcIsValidConnectionName
Symbol: msvcrt40_getwc
Symbol: msvcp50__LPoly
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcEnvironBstr
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpLosslessBlock
Symbol: netplwiz_PublishRunDll
Symbol: quartz_AMGetErrorTextA
Symbol: crtdll_strlen
Symbol: msvcrt_sscanf
Symbol: msvcrt_signal
Symbol: ntdll_strncat
Symbol: ntdll_iscntrl
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_InitIsDBCS
Symbol: esent_JetOpenTempTable3
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Move_DevNode
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_SizeW
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventValistExA
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILEPICT_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: expsrv__CIsin
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleAbortDownlevelServerUpgrade
Symbol: msvcp60__LPoly
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_rename_extA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_err2stringW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaCreateTrustedDomainEx
Symbol: kernel32_UnhandledExceptionFilter
Symbol: msvcrt20_ldexp
Symbol: nview_NViewGestureEnum
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpConnect
Symbol: msvcrt40__stat
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcEnvironBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdCall
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpRemoveOptionValueV5DS
Symbol: crtdll_wcscpy
Symbol: crtdll_strcmp
Symbol: crtdll_fputwc
Symbol: crtdll__tzset
Symbol: msvcrt_memcmp
Symbol: user32_SetRect
Symbol: user32_MapVirtualKeyExW
Symbol: user32_GetSysColorBrush
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetVersion
Symbol: mswsock_rexec
Symbol: gdi32_CreateEnhMetaFileW
Symbol: mtxoci_oparse
Symbol: MSOERT2_DeleteTempFileOnShutdown
Symbol: wups_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocQueryKeyW
Symbol: sxs_SxsQueryManifestInformation
Symbol: sxs_SxsProtectionGatherEntriesW
Symbol: oakley_IKEInitiateIKENegotiation
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetChangedValueLong
Symbol: winmm_midiOutSetVolume
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_create_sort_controlW
Symbol: kernel32_BuildCommDCBAndTimeoutsW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_Res_Des
Symbol: softpub_HTTPSFinalProv
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLCancel
Symbol: ntsdexts_dreg
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdCall
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceAdvancedPropertiesW
Symbol: crtdll_perror
Symbol: crtdll__ultow
Symbol: msvcrt_fgetwc
Symbol: msvcrt__umask
Symbol: msvcrt___p___mb_cur_max
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSRequestTermServCert
Symbol: ntdll_wcscspn
Symbol: ntdll__wcslwr
Symbol: ntdll__ui64tow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueueWorkItem
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeThreadActivationContextStack
Symbol: drprov_NPAddConnection3
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexArrayBufferSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIMixedDomain2
Symbol: mtxoci_oexfet
Symbol: mtxoci_obndrv
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeIsValidAppTopicListW
Symbol: version_VerQueryValueA
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetIMEFileNameA
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSCloseServer
Symbol: kernel32_CreateHardLinkA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileFriendlyNameA
Symbol: nview_WMSetSettingHWND
Symbol: vss_ps_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: sprio600_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilEnumResourcesEx
Symbol: p2pgasvc_SVCServiceMain
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLGetDescField
Symbol: msvcrt40_ldexp
Symbol: msvcrt40__inpw
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtCyFromErrVar
Symbol: modemui_drvSetDefaultCommConfigA
Symbol: ieakeng_DeleteFavoriteA
Symbol: compstui_CommonPropertySheetUIW
Symbol: crtdll_wcstok
Symbol: msvcrt__popen
Symbol: msvcrt__fstat
Symbol: msvcrt__CIpow
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceTransportGetInfo
Symbol: winscard_SCardForgetReaderGroupA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAP_SUBNET_INFO
Symbol: gdi32_SetDeviceGammaRamp
Symbol: ole32_CoDeactivateObject
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetKnownUsages
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetPerSiteCookieDecisionA
Symbol: expsrv__CIexp
Symbol: anvioctl_SetNVRegistry
Symbol: winsta_WinStationReset
Symbol: advapi32_RegDeleteValueA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumerateAccountsWithUserRight
Symbol: oleaut32_OleCreatePictureIndirect
Symbol: msvcrt20__rotl
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplReduceOrphanedDualViewDisplays
Symbol: spoolss_MIDL_user_free1
Symbol: security_ImportSecurityContextA
Symbol: perfnet_CollectNetSvcsObjectData
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtCyFromErrVar
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAOpen
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCloseObject
Symbol: crtdll_wcstol
Symbol: msvcrt_wscanf
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetSubjectCertificateFromStore
Symbol: ntdll__wcsupr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySemaphore
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareGetInfo
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQuerySecret
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexArrayUnmarshall
Symbol: mtxoci_oermsg
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapsFromDlg
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLMoreResults
Symbol: advapi32_ElfDeregisterEventSource
Symbol: kernel32_IsValidCodePage
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalFindAtomA
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumaHighestNodeNumber
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Intersect_Range_List
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplPrimaryPush
Symbol: spoolss_ProvidorFindFirstPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: sprio800_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetInfoBlockFromGlobalInfo
Symbol: apphelp_SdbOpenDatabase
Symbol: laprxy_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: syssetup_SetupQueryRegisteredOsComponent
Symbol: msvcrt_gmtime
Symbol: msvcrt__utime
Symbol: msvcrt__putch
Symbol: user32_MonitorFromPoint
Symbol: newdev_UpdateDriverForPlugAndPlayDevicesW
Symbol: winscard_SCardIntroduceCardTypeA
Symbol: gdi32_EngDeleteSemaphore
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcNsBindingInqEntryNameW
Symbol: mtxoci_oerhms
Symbol: mtxoci_odessp
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATPutCatAttrInfo
Symbol: WININET_DeleteUrlCacheContainerW
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bDD4DISPEnableDD
Symbol: query_CIState
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetVolume
Symbol: msvcrt20_fputc
Symbol: msvcrt20_floor
Symbol: msvcrt20__wtoi
Symbol: msvcrt20__itow
Symbol: nview_NViewNexusThemes
Symbol: nview_NVDesktopBrowser
Symbol: scredir_SCardReleaseStartedEvent
Symbol: occache_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wzcsapi_DtlDestroyList
Symbol: msvcrt40__rotl
Symbol: lprhelp_SetLPRTimeouts
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetAssetBytes
Symbol: glu32_gluQuadricCallback
Symbol: opengl32_wglGetDefaultProcAddress
Symbol: cmdial32_CmCustomDialDlg
Symbol: dpnhpast_DirectPlayNATHelpCreate
Symbol: adptif_FwConnectionRequestFailed
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFreeFlagInfo
Symbol: crtdll_wcsspn
Symbol: msvcrt__ultoa
Symbol: msvcrt__sopen
Symbol: msvcrt__ctype
Symbol: srrstr_InitiateRestore
Symbol: ntdll_islower
Symbol: esent_JetCreateDatabase
Symbol: winscard_SCardAccessStartedEvent
Symbol: gdi32_EngCreateSemaphore
Symbol: clbcatq_CreateComponentLibraryEx
Symbol: ole32_HACCEL_UserMarshal
Symbol: mtxoci_Enlist
Symbol: WININET_CreateUrlCacheContainerW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcBstrFromAnsi
Symbol: DMO_CSDecode_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bDD4DISPEnableDD
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrSetForegroundPriority
Symbol: imagehlp_FindFileInPath
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasesLengthW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Uninstall_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminInvalidVolumeEnum
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaValidateInfoA
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpFree
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDSet
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFolderPathAndSubDirW
Symbol: esent97_JetCreateTableColumnIndex
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCompare_A
Symbol: dmutil_GetSystemVolume
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveSubnetElement
Symbol: avicap32_capGetDriverDescriptionW
Symbol: apphelp_SdbInitDatabase
Symbol: msvcrt_wcscat
Symbol: msvcrt__stat64
Symbol: msvcrt__errno
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminConnectionGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_sprintf
Symbol: ntdll_ispunct
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetBootOptions
Symbol: esent_JetAttachDatabase
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecPeekTag
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIChangeSecretCipherKey
Symbol: gdi32_XLATEOBJ_hGetColorTransform
Symbol: URLMON_IsJITInProgress
Symbol: SHDOCVW_SetQueryNetSessionCount
Symbol: avwav_WavOpen
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertTrustInit
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAccessCheck
Symbol: query_CITextToFullTree
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_valuesA
Symbol: advapi32_SaferSetLevelInformation
Symbol: kernel32_DuplicateHandle
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dWinIniChange
Symbol: ir50_32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetDeviceFlags
Symbol: msvcrt40_fputc
Symbol: msvcrt40_floor
Symbol: msvcrt40__wtoi
Symbol: msvcrt40__itow
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFV
Symbol: msls31_LsGetSpecialEffectsSubline
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAcquireContextHandle_W
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpCheckIME
Symbol: crtdll_strtod
Symbol: msvcrt_ungetc
Symbol: user32_SetMenu
Symbol: clb_ClbAddData
Symbol: ntdll_wcsncpy
Symbol: ntdll_strncmp
Symbol: ntdll_ZwClose
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevQEnum
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallDriverManagerW
Symbol: rtutils_TracePrintfExW
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFileBits
Symbol: icwdial_AutoDialHandler
Symbol: ddraw_GetDDSurfaceLocal
Symbol: advapi32_RegDisablePredefinedCache
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadLocale
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommandLineA
Symbol: msvcrt20_frexp
Symbol: msvcrt20__wtol
Symbol: msvcrt20__ltow
Symbol: untfs_Recover
Symbol: synceng_DeleteBriefcase
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtBindingUnexportA
Symbol: ntsdexts_help
Symbol: ntmarta_AccRewriteGetNamedRights
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFV
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CreateMulticastSocket
Symbol: opengl32_GlmfEndPlayback
Symbol: certcli_CAInstallDefaultCertType
Symbol: wmi_WmiFileHandleToInstanceNameW
Symbol: msvcrt_mktime
Symbol: msvcrt__msize
Symbol: user32_GetClipboardSequenceNumber
Symbol: ntdll_strrchr
Symbol: ntdll_strpbrk
Symbol: ntdll_isupper
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecNotEndOfContents
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidthFloatA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeDecode
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFullPointerInsertRefId
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvUninstallCrushSilent
Symbol: WININET_InternetCheckConnectionA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCreateObject2
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameSignatureVerificationEx
Symbol: avwav_WavInit
Symbol: sxs_SxsProtectionPerformScanNow
Symbol: HAL_HalFreeCommonBuffer
Symbol: comctl32_CreatePropertySheetPageA
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayAllocDescriptor
Symbol: rasapi32_RasCreatePhonebookEntryA
Symbol: msvcrt20__rotr
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeBackgroundRegion
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressIDA
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGenerateBoundsError
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpLosslessPartitionReset
Symbol: jet500_JetRetrieveColumn
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetMibInfo
Symbol: atmlib_ATMEndFontChange
Symbol: msvcrt_fflush
Symbol: msvcrt__wopen
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetAvailableLicenses
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindNextFileA
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceSetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_isprint
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLAllocHandleStd
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterChooseA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecObjectIdentifier2
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrVaryingArrayBufferSize
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_Invoke
Symbol: ole32_CoFreeAllLibraries
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_PSID_ARRAY
Symbol: mtxoci_opinit
Symbol: wintrust_I_CryptCatAdminMigrateToNewCatDB
Symbol: mpr_WNetAddConnection2W
Symbol: olecnv32_QD2GDI
Symbol: xolehlp_DtcGetTransactionManager
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ReadEmbeddedImageFile_X
Symbol: advapi32_ElfChangeNotify
Symbol: comdlg32_LoadAlterBitmap
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrRevertToSelf
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDeleteDeviceInfo
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetRemoteTOD
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQDel
Symbol: tapi32_lineAgentSpecific
Symbol: olepro32_OleCreatePictureIndirect
Symbol: msvcrt40_frexp
Symbol: msvcrt40__wtol
Symbol: msvcrt40__ltow
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGenerateBoundsError
Symbol: shell32_ReadCabinetState
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateShellFolderViewEx
Symbol: dsprop_MsgBox
Symbol: dsprop_ErrMsg
Symbol: wmi_GetTraceEnableFlags
Symbol: msvcrt_setbuf
Symbol: msvcrt_rewind
Symbol: msvcrt_getenv
Symbol: msvcrt__getws
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSuspendProcess
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindLeastSignificantBit
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionRead
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISamIndicatedDsStarted
Symbol: colbact_GetDefaultPartitionForCurrentUser
Symbol: ole32_CoMarshalInterface
Symbol: mtxoci_osetpi
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATClose
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetConnection2A
Symbol: mpr_WNetAddConnection3W
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCVErrFromVar
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateByteStream
Symbol: avwav_WavPlay
Symbol: scecli_SceGetAnalysisAreaSummary
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_Interrupt
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetLogonEnum
Symbol: nview_HKStore
Symbol: nvcpl_nvGetPwrMzrLevel
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexSetId
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetDevConfigA
Symbol: spoolss_ConfigurePortW
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetDescField
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenProcessDisplayNames
Symbol: msvcrt40__rotr
Symbol: msls31_LsDestroyContext
Symbol: quartz_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: dinput8_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdFlipToGDISurface
Symbol: msvcrt_wcschr
Symbol: msvcrt__write
Symbol: user32_DialogBoxIndirectParamAorW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgControl
Symbol: rasadhlp_AcsHlpAttemptConnection
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CloseDecoder
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrVaryingArrayUnmarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNsSendReceive
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustRemoveActionID
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetConnection3A
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrStreamSeekEnd
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmLastEnabledWndDestroy
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_value_freeW
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamAddRef
Symbol: nview_EnumNviewWindows
Symbol: nvcpl_setview
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentCapsA
Symbol: syncui_Briefcase_Create
Symbol: spoolss_AdjustPointers
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSpecialColumnsW
Symbol: msvcrt40__outp
Symbol: msvcp50_wctype
Symbol: modemui_drvGetDefaultCommConfigW
Symbol: ieakeng_DeleteADMItemsW
Symbol: ieakeng_CreateADMWindow
Symbol: adsldpc_ChangeSeparator
Symbol: danim_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll_system
Symbol: crtdll_strcpy
Symbol: msvcrt_memset
Symbol: msvcrt_memcpy
Symbol: msvcrt__outpd
Symbol: ntdll_tolower
Symbol: netui1_MNetErrorLogRead
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatChooseA
Symbol: rasadhlp_AcsHlpNoteNewConnection
Symbol: wdigest_CredentialUpdateRegister
Symbol: gdi32_BRUSHOBJ_hGetColorTransform
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrStubForwardingFunction
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesSimpleTypeAlignSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcDeleteMutex
Symbol: sfc_SRSetRestorePointW
Symbol: w32time_fnW32TmRegisterServiceCtrlHandlerEx
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetPerSiteCookieDecisionW
Symbol: avwav_WavTerm
Symbol: msftedit_IID_ITextHost2
Symbol: msvcp60_wctype
Symbol: advapi32_WmiReceiveNotificationsW
Symbol: advapi32_RegCreateKeyExA
Symbol: kernel32_GenerateConsoleCtrlEvent
Symbol: kernel32_FindActCtxSectionStringA
Symbol: uxtheme_EnableThemeDialogTexture
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringXtoCP
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringCPtoX
Symbol: tapi32_phoneConfigDialog
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctProviderInitialize
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpAddrTable
Symbol: dmutil_RgszwFromValist
Symbol: dbghelp_vc7fpo
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgInstallInetComponents
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontAvailable
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpGetFileAttributes
Symbol: crtdll_wcsstr
Symbol: msvcrt_wctomb
Symbol: msvcrt_wcslen
Symbol: msvcrt_mbtowc
Symbol: msvcrt__wtoi64
Symbol: msvcrt__lrotl
Symbol: msvcrt__i64tow
Symbol: msvcrt__aligned_realloc
Symbol: user32_GetMenuCheckMarkDimensions
Symbol: ntdll_strcspn
Symbol: ntdll__strlwr
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetIoCompletionCallback
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateSymbolicLinkObject
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLProceduresW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIQueryForestTrustInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrCStdStubBuffer2_Release
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvKillProcess
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLeftTrimBstr
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateEditor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_ext
Symbol: advapi32_LsaCreateSecret
Symbol: advapi32_AddAce
Symbol: msv1_0_LsaApLogonUserEx2
Symbol: InkEd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvCopyContext
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetEnumNextHops
Symbol: perfctrs_OpenNWNBPerformanceData
Symbol: perfctrs_CloseIPXPerformanceData
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetDescField
Symbol: ntprint_ServerInstallW
Symbol: iphlpapi_IcmpCreateFile
Symbol: dimap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpCheckExe
Symbol: crtdll_strtok
Symbol: msvcrt_wcscmp
Symbol: msvcrt_tmpnam
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceTransportSetInfo
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLCloseCursor
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Unregister_Device_Interface_ExW
Symbol: gdi32_PATHOBJ_vEnumStartClipLines
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILE_UserFree
Symbol: mpr_RestoreConnectionA0
Symbol: expsrv_rtcBstrFromByte
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRgb
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRightTrimVar
Symbol: mscoree_ND_RI2
Symbol: mapi32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ciodm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerComputerNameAdd
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonGetAuthDataEx
Symbol: winsta_WinStationConnectCallback
Symbol: HAL_HalSetRealTimeClock
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQueryAllDataMultipleA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGetDefaultProviderA
Symbol: advapi32_BackupEventLogA
Symbol: advapi32_AddAccessAllowedObjectAce
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Merge
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminFileEnum
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetConnectAttrW
Symbol: mdhcp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsUtf8ToUnicode
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsUnicodeToUtf8
Symbol: dmime_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll_strtol
Symbol: msvcrt_remove
Symbol: msvcrt__osver
Symbol: msvcrt__cputs
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminConnectionGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_toupper
Symbol: ntdll__strupr
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareSetInfo
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_ExA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetupWasRun
Symbol: gdi32_TextOutW
Symbol: gdi32_PlayMetaFileRecord
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcSigInfoDecode
Symbol: mscoree_GetHashFromAssemblyFileW
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxClearContext
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_extA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_optionA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_explode_dnW
Symbol: advapi32_BuildImpersonateTrusteeA
Symbol: kernel32_AreFileApisANSI
Symbol: w32topl_ToplListSetIter
Symbol: spoolss_ClusterSplOpen
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetRoutePointer
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetFormattedCounterArrayA
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdStAd
Symbol: ieakeng_BToolbar_Remove
Symbol: d3d8_ValidatePixelShader
Symbol: dpnhupnp_DirectPlayNATHelpCreate
Symbol: cmutil_WzToSzWithAlloc
Symbol: cmutil_SzToWzWithAlloc
Symbol: msvcrt_atexit
Symbol: msvcrt__rmtmp
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindActivationContextSectionGuid
Symbol: esent_JetOpenFileSectionInstance
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetDcomProtocolVersion
Symbol: ole32_CoReactivateObject
Symbol: mscoree_ND_RI4
Symbol: netapi32_NetpDeleteSecurityObject
Symbol: scecli_SceAddToNameList
Symbol: winmm_waveOutSetVolume
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_extW
Symbol: kernel32_AssignProcessToJobObject
Symbol: avifil32_AVIBuildFilterA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileLoadInfo
Symbol: spoolss_AddPerMachineConnectionW
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdStAd
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcPV
Symbol: mscat32_MsCatFreeHashTag
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATAdminCalcHashFromFileHandle
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateLocalServerRunDll
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgInstallModem
Symbol: wmi_RemoveTraceCallback
Symbol: crtdll_strspn
Symbol: msvcrt_fgetws
Symbol: msvcrt_ferror
Symbol: user32_SetSysColorsTemp
Symbol: ntdll_wcstoul
Symbol: gdi32_CLIPOBJ_ppoGetPath
Symbol: WININET_IsHostInProxyBypassList
Symbol: WININET_HttpQueryInfoW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpCreateSecurityObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetValidateName
Symbol: msnsspc_QueryContextAttributesW
Symbol: advapi32_SaferRecordEventLogEntry
Symbol: advapi32_LsaICLookupSidsWithCreds
Symbol: kernel32_ReadFileScatter
Symbol: samlib_SamEnumerateUsersInDomain
Symbol: VBAME_IchFromXCoreBiVBA
Symbol: VBAME_XFromIchCoreBiVBA
Symbol: msvcrt20__putw
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigDialogW
Symbol: pdh_PdhCreateSQLTablesA
Symbol: odbcjt32_LoginDialogProc
Symbol: nwprovau_NPLogonNotify
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcPV
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaForEachVar
Symbol: mlang_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mfc40u_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionRead
Symbol: opengl32_GlmfEndGlsBlock
Symbol: msvcrt_strcat
Symbol: msvcrt_fwrite
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserReadProfFlags
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLReadFileDSNW
Symbol: winipsec_CloseTunnelFilterHandle
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamMessage
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverMessage
Symbol: mswsock_EnumProtocolsW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry1
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeEncode
Symbol: ole32_CoDisconnectObject
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFEnumMembersByCDFTagEx
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarFromError
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDir
Symbol: inetcfg_InetPerformSecurityCheck
Symbol: dxmrtp_AudioGetCaptureDeviceInfo
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetImageInformation
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Set16ColorDisplayMethod
Symbol: advapi32_SaferCloseLevel
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfilePutKeyValueFields
Symbol: rasman_RasGetDeviceName
Symbol: tapi3_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetNetworkCount
Symbol: odbcconf_DestroyRegKeyBackupList
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaForEachVar
Symbol: ieakeng_GetAdmFileListW
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMColorGetAlpha
Symbol: clusapi_CloseClusterNetInterface
Symbol: adsldpc_AdsTypeToLdapTypeCopyDNWithBinary
Symbol: msvcrt__wstat
Symbol: msvcrt__lrotr
Symbol: ntdll_strncpy
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteAtomFromAtomTable
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionMode
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecBoolean
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncObjectIdentifier2
Symbol: gdi32_SetEnhMetaFileBits
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry2
Symbol: mscoree_ND_WI2
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetFileExtension
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_extW
Symbol: advapi32_BuildSecurityDescriptorA
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckAndAuditAlarmA
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadLocale
Symbol: tapi32_TUISPIDLLCallback
Symbol: ntmarta_AccRewriteSetNamedRights
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: msvcrt40__putw
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctProviderInitialize
Symbol: mfc42u_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: htui_HTUI_DeviceColorAdjustmentA
Symbol: hlink_HlinkResolveMonikerForData
Symbol: ciadmin_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDGetLdapURL
Symbol: msvcrt_printf
Symbol: msvcrt__hypot
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceQueryUpdateResult
Symbol: ODBC32_CursorLibLockDesc
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetBroadcastSockaddr
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry3
Symbol: mscoree_ND_RI8
Symbol: msftedit_REExtendedRegisterClass
Symbol: sxs_SxsProtectionUserLogonEvent
Symbol: ddraw_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imm32_ImmGenerateMessage
Symbol: scecli_SceGetSecurityProfileInfo
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetImageWidth
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSOpenServerW
Symbol: advapi32_ElfOldestRecord
Symbol: msvcrt20_fputs
Symbol: msctf_TF_GetThreadFlags
Symbol: tapi32_lineGatherDigitsA
Symbol: tapi32_LAddrParamsInited
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetResourceNameDependency
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetPropertySize
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIChangeIconW
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaForEachAry
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetIfIndexFromFriendlyName
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetFriendlyNameFromIfIndex
Symbol: shell32_PrintersGetCommand_RunDLL
Symbol: dssec_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: quartz_AMGetErrorTextW
Symbol: dgnet_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexLevelParameterfv
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadDWORDTag
Symbol: wmi_GetTraceEnableLevel
Symbol: msvcrt_wcstod
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetBootOptions
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryProcessBackTraceInformation
Symbol: ntdll_LdrCreateOutOfProcessImage
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventValistExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CloseEncoder
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIRegisterPolicyChangeNotificationCallback
Symbol: gdi32_GdiRealizationInfo
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry4
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrStubGetBuffer
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminEnumCatalogFromHash
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLog
Symbol: mscoree_ND_WI4
Symbol: netapi32_NetConfigGetAll
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_rename_extW
Symbol: advapi32_GetPrivateObjectSecurity
Symbol: kernel32_CompareFileTime
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenAppendInfFileA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDevRegKeyA
Symbol: msvcrt20_putwc
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetMultiSzValue
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLTables
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvGrantAccessRights
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaForEachAry
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_query_configuration
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpOpen
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCommandFunc
Symbol: asfsipc_MySIPRemoveSignedDataMsg
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildLDAPPathFromADsPath2
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildADsPathFromLDAPPath2
Symbol: batmeter_CreateBatMeter
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindCharInUnicodeString
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Key_Name_ExA
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry5
Symbol: WININET_UnlockUrlCacheEntryFileA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcAtn
Symbol: expsrv_rtcTan
Symbol: mscoree_GetHostConfigurationFile
Symbol: MSOERT2_FBuildTempPathW
Symbol: netapi32_NetGetAnyDCName
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupConfigureServices
Symbol: wldap32_ber_next_element
Symbol: samlib_SamiGetBootKeyInformation
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFilesFromInfSectionA
Symbol: WshRm_WSHEnumProtocols
Symbol: wow32_WOW32ResolveMemory
Symbol: nvcpl_nvSetPwrMzrLevel
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetDevConfigA
Symbol: spoolss_OpenPrinterExW
Symbol: rtm_MgmReleaseInterfaceOwnership
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetResourceDependentIPAddressProps
Symbol: odbcconf_RestoreCatalog
Symbol: odbcconf_ApplyMillenCat
Symbol: msvcrt40_fputs
Symbol: msls31_LsFetchAppendToCurrentSublineResume
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetVisibleDcpInSubline
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpLosslessReset
Symbol: ieakeng_ModifyFavoriteA
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportAuthCodeA
Symbol: iasacct_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: esent97_JetCloseDatabase
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetDomainName
Symbol: syssetup_CreateLocalAdminAccount
Symbol: msvcrt_strchr
Symbol: user32_LoadAcceleratorsA
Symbol: cscdll_BreakConnections
Symbol: ntdll___eFADD32
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecObjectIdentifier2
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry6
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDCA
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_IUnknown_AddRef_Proxy
Symbol: ole32_CoCreateInstanceEx
Symbol: ws2help_WahQueueUserApc
Symbol: version_VerQueryValueW
Symbol: ComCSDecoder_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetIMEFileNameW
Symbol: advapi32_SetServiceObjectSecurity
Symbol: kernel32_HeapCreateTagsW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateHardLinkW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileFriendlyNameW
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetThreadSelectorEntry
Symbol: perfctrs_CloseSPXPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_putwc
Symbol: modemui_drvSetDefaultCommConfigW
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSOpen
Symbol: ieakeng_DeleteFavoriteW
Symbol: ieakeng_CheckForDupKeys
Symbol: dciman32_DCIOpenProvider
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexLevelParameteriv
Symbol: ntdll___eFYL2X
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTimeToElapsedTimeFields
Symbol: winscard_SCardForgetReaderGroupW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry7
Symbol: gdi32_CheckColorsInGamut
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetPerSiteCookieDecisionW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCos
Symbol: MSOERT2_DoHotMailWizard
Symbol: regapi_RegFreeUtilityCommandList
Symbol: winsta_WinStationShutdownSystem
Symbol: advapi32_RegDeleteValueW
Symbol: msr2c_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupEnum
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumGlobalRoutingInfoA
Symbol: security_ImportSecurityContextW
Symbol: pdh_PdhReadRawLogRecord
Symbol: mprddm_IfObjectSetDialoutHoursRestriction
Symbol: hlink_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: digest_QuerySecurityPackageInfoA
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapControlFree
Symbol: adsldpc_GetLDAPTypeName
Symbol: crtdll_strstr
Symbol: msvcrt_strlen
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupAddUser
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CreateModule
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetSpoolMessage
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry8
Symbol: gdi32_AddFontResourceExA
Symbol: clbcatq_ServerGetApplicationType
Symbol: clbcatq_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: clbcatq_CLSIDFromStringByBitness
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleStructBufferSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetSerialNumberDomain
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcSigInfoEncode
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminAddCatalog
Symbol: catsrvut_EntryPointDllUnRegSvrW
Symbol: mscoree_ND_WI8
Symbol: mscoree_ND_RU1
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIAdminProfiles
Symbol: usbui_USBControllerBandwidthPage
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrQueryApiPort
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalFindAtomW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateMailslotA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamCreate
Symbol: rasapi32_RasQuerySharedConnection
Symbol: rasdlg_RasPhonebookDlgA
Symbol: usrrtosa_Wait
Symbol: cscui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLAllocConnect
Symbol: icmui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpRemoveSubnetElementDS
Symbol: qedit_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsdmo_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CreateSocket
Symbol: ieaksie_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll__baseversion_dll
Symbol: msvcrt_wcscpy
Symbol: msvcrt_strcmp
Symbol: msvcrt_fputwc
Symbol: msvcrt__tzset
Symbol: shmedia_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netui1_MNetWkstaGetInfo
Symbol: winscard_SCardIntroduceCardTypeW
Symbol: gdi32_GetWinMetaFileBits
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry9
Symbol: catsrvut_StartMTSTOCOM
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemCall
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_ResetRefreshRate
Symbol: avwav_WavStop
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerComputerNameDel
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsRemoveFtRootForced
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumaNodeProcessorMask
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayCreate
Symbol: oleaut32_DosDateTimeToVariantTime
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantTimeToDosDateTime
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Sibling
Symbol: p2psvc_GroupServiceMain
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetConnectAttrW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLDescribeColW
Symbol: loghours_DirSyncScheduleDialogEx
Symbol: deskadp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionMode
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadSmallIconA
Symbol: adsldpc_ReadSecurityDescriptorControlType
Symbol: msvcrt_perror
Symbol: msvcrt__ultow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAllocateHandle
Symbol: ntdll_NtShutdownSystem
Symbol: gdi32_PATHOBJ_vGetBounds
Symbol: gdi32_CLIPOBJ_cEnumStart
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcNetworkIsProtseqValidA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleStructUnmarshall
Symbol: MSOERT2_OpenFileStreamW
Symbol: MSOERT2_BrowseForFolder
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_read
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_set_optionA
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileStringA
Symbol: oleaut32_GetActiveObject
Symbol: rasman_RasDeviceConnect
Symbol: msvcrt20_qsort
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaValidateInfoW
Symbol: odbcconf_LoadRegVersion
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIDeleteMail
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFolderPathA
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCompare_W
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetNtmFieldsA
Symbol: msvcrt_wcstok
Symbol: ntdll___eFADD64
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateSymbolicLinkObject
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLConfigDriver
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLStatisticsW
Symbol: schannel_SslEmptyCacheA
Symbol: gdi32_CreateICA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsBindWithCredA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtSetAuthorizationFn
Symbol: samsrv_SamrRemoveMultipleMembersFromAlias
Symbol: samsrv_SamIRemoveDSNameFromAlias
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetAutodial
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bDdHslQueryRegistryValue
Symbol: adsnt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_valuesW
Symbol: imagehlp_RemovePrivateCvSymbolic
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetIID
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamClone
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeBackgroundExtent
Symbol: scredir_SCardDisconnect
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetHandlerTopLevelKey
Symbol: mcdsrv32_MCDEngEscFilter
Symbol: lpk_LpkUseGDIWidthCache
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ParseMessage
Symbol: dx7vb_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt_wcstol
Symbol: ntdll_strtoul
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiConnectToDbg
Symbol: davclnt_NPAddConnection
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupGetInfo
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncBoolean
Symbol: rpcrt4_DceErrorInqTextA
Symbol: WININET_InternetCanonicalizeUrlA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSin
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigSystemFromPath
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bDdHslQueryRegistryValue
Symbol: dpnet_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: hnetcfg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: licmgr10_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: advapi32_CryptCreateHash
Symbol: kernel32_QueryWin31IniFilesMappedToRegistry
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommandLineW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumDevicesA
Symbol: rasman_RasSendPppMessageToRasman
Symbol: rasman_RasDeviceGetInfo
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvBuildIniFileName
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtBindingUnexportW
Symbol: pdh_PdhMakeCounterPathA
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenAppRegEnum
Symbol: msvcrt40_qsort
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaHresultCheckNonvirt
Symbol: wmpcd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kerberos_KerbDomainChangeCallback
Symbol: iphlpapi_IsLocalAddress
Symbol: shell32_ShellMessageBoxA
Symbol: dxdiagn_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dmocx_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMColorGetGreen
Symbol: certcli_CAFreeCertTypeExtensions
Symbol: dx8vb_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDriverConnectA
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidthFloatW
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_cGetGlyphs
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsDontSerializeContext
Symbol: ole32_CreateClassMoniker
Symbol: catsrvut_QueryUserDllW
Symbol: WININET_InternetCheckConnectionW
Symbol: mscoree_ND_WU1
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrStreamSeekCur
Symbol: inetcfg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMGetMediaProtect
Symbol: advapi32_OpenThreadToken
Symbol: comctl32_CreatePropertySheetPageW
Symbol: kernel32_GetVDMCurrentDirectories
Symbol: avifil32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rasapi32_RasCreatePhonebookEntryW
Symbol: samlib_SamQueryInformationDomain
Symbol: msvcrt20__open_osfhandle
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetFileClose2
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressIDW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaHresultCheckNonvirt
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipCreateInstanceProject
Symbol: mcd32_MCDSetLayerPalette
Symbol: jobexec_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: duser_DUserDeleteGadget
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionRead
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneFromPointNormal
Symbol: iuengine_EngGetManifest
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsspn
Symbol: msvcrt__outpw
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindNextFileW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddRefActivationContext
Symbol: ntdll_LdrGetDllHandleEx
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLMoreResults
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterChooseW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcObjectInqType
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtSetServerStackSize
Symbol: mscoree_GetHashFromBlob
Symbol: sxs_CreateAssemblyCache
Symbol: McGDMgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: secur32_QuerySecurityPackageInfoA
Symbol: rasman_RasGetDialParams
Symbol: msctf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetFlatPanelNativeRes
Symbol: setupdll_GetOemCodepage
Symbol: rtm_RtmDequeueRouteChangeMessage
Symbol: odbcconf_IsExceptionInf
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbGetObjConnectionCounts
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCastObjVar
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_WriteRecordStructureToPacketEx
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCASecurity
Symbol: cabview_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetNextChild
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateJobObject
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallODBCW
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionOpen
Symbol: msdart_GetModuleHandleI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecUTCTime
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexArrayMemorySize
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetConnection2W
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIRR
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSLN
Symbol: expsrv_rtcExp
Symbol: olecli32_LeObjectConvert
Symbol: mscoree_GetHashFromFile
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrStreamSeekSet
Symbol: kernel32_TerminateThread
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetDim
Symbol: usrcntra_CheckCountryTableUpdate
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetCallParams
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetDevConfigW
Symbol: raschap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectItemsA
Symbol: occache_FindNextControl
Symbol: msvcrt40__open_osfhandle
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbGetObjConnectionCounts
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCastObjVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarDateVar
Symbol: shell32_ILCreateFromPath
Symbol: msvcrt_strtod
Symbol: user32_ImpersonateDdeClientWindow
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigServerDisconnect
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddCompoundAce
Symbol: msdart_GetOpenFileNameI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncObjectIdentifier2
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecInteger
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAllocateHeap
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetConnection3W
Symbol: asustips_cancel_balloon
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_free
Symbol: imm32_ImmWINNLSEnableIME
Symbol: advapi32_SetPrivateObjectSecurity
Symbol: advapi32_GetTrusteeNameA
Symbol: VBAME_DestroyCaretBiVBA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Resource_Conflict_DetailsA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentCapsW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarDateVar
Symbol: msi_MsiGetDatabaseState
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFEnumAttributes
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIFreeBuffer
Symbol: ieakeng_GetFavoriteUrlA
Symbol: glmf32___glsParser_print
Symbol: opengl32_glGetMaterialfv
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadQWORDTag
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindFirstTag
Symbol: linkinfo_CreateLinkInfo
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatChooseW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedTableChar32String
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsContextLockExclusive
Symbol: NCTAudioRecord2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_DsEnumerateDomainTrustsA
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcUpdateInfo
Symbol: winmm_midiInGetDevCapsA
Symbol: advapi32_RegCreateKeyExW
Symbol: kernel32_FindActCtxSectionStringW
Symbol: samlib_SamiSetBootKeyInformation
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInitializeFileLogA
Symbol: upnphost_Test
Symbol: unimdmat_UmInitializeModemDriver
Symbol: tapi32_lineBlindTransfer
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDReleaseDevice
Symbol: hid_HidD_Hello
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_GetRandomXid
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRegisterClusterAddress
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordBuild_W
Symbol: cnetcfg_InetNeedSystemComponents
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetDisconnectDialog
Symbol: msvcrt__putws
Symbol: msvcrt___DestructExceptionObject
Symbol: ntdll_LdrLockLoaderLock
Symbol: msdart_DispatchMessageI
Symbol: winscard_SCardReconnect
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseAllProtseqsIf
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcObjectSetType
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSYD
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateWriter
Symbol: HAL_HalSetTimeIncrement
Symbol: comctl32_DefSubclassProc
Symbol: comctl32_InitMUILanguage
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupModifyGlobalFlags
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFindNextMatchLineA
Symbol: iuctl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rasrad_RasAuthProviderInitialize
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFClose
Symbol: shell32_ShellExec_RunDLL
Symbol: shell32_SHFileOperationA
Symbol: shell32_SHFlushClipboard
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordCompare
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminIsDomainRasServer
Symbol: wsock32_NPLoadNameSpaces
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReAllocateHeap
Symbol: ntdll_LdrFindResourceDirectory_U
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBrowseConnectA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedTableChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_CreateRoundRectRgn
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmDestroyClientContext
Symbol: expsrv_rtcPMT
Symbol: olecli32_DibSaveToStream
Symbol: MSHTML_com_ms_osp_ospmrshl_copyToExternal
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNMMDVDROMGetRPCKey
Symbol: secur32_LsaDeregisterLogonProcess
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQueryAllDataMultipleW
Symbol: advapi32_ImpersonateSelf
Symbol: advapi32_GetAce
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGetDefaultProviderW
Symbol: advapi32_BackupEventLogW
Symbol: comctl32_CreateToolbarEx
Symbol: kernel32_SetVolumeLabelA
Symbol: msvcrt20__getdllprocaddr
Symbol: tapi32_lineInitializeExA
Symbol: msisip_MsiSIPRemoveSignedDataMsg
Symbol: shell32_RegenerateUserEnvironment
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsServerGetSubnetInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAsyncRegisterHostAddrs
Symbol: opengl32_glGetMaterialiv
Symbol: opengl32_glColorMaterial
Symbol: certcli_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: certcli_CACloneCertType
Symbol: adsldpc_AdsTypeToLdapTypeCopyDNWithString
Symbol: batmeter_UpdateBatMeter
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupDelUser
Symbol: esent_JetCreateInstance
Symbol: msdart_GetTempFileNameI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_ExW
Symbol: samsrv_SamrRemoveMemberFromAlias
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetSerialNumberDomain
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareGetInfo
Symbol: msxml2_DllMain
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxSetErrorInfo
Symbol: regapi_RegSAMUserConfig
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_FlipLeftRight
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGenerateLicense
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_extW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_optionW
Symbol: advapi32_QueryAllTracesA
Symbol: advapi32_BuildImpersonateTrusteeW
Symbol: imagehlp_TouchFileTimes
Symbol: kernel32_WriteFileGather
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumeNameForVolumeMountPointA
Symbol: nvcpl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: utildll_RegGetNetworkServiceName
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetFormattedCounterArrayW
Symbol: perfdisk_OpenDiskObject
Symbol: msencode_CceGetAvailableEncodings
Symbol: modemui_ModemCplDlgProc
Symbol: ieakeng_ErrorMessageBox
Symbol: iassvcs_IASSetMaxNumberOfThreads
Symbol: shell32_Shell_MergeMenus
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorReflect
Symbol: d3dim_D3DMalloc
Symbol: bidispl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt_system
Symbol: msvcrt_strcpy
Symbol: user32_SendIMEMessageExA
Symbol: user32_LoadMenuIndirectA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAccessDeniedObjectAce
Symbol: netui1_MNetWkstaSetInfo
Symbol: msdart_CreateSemaphoreI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAddNameToLogonSession
Symbol: gdi32_SetWinMetaFileBits
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsFileSpecA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosCall
Symbol: msxml3_DllMain
Symbol: kernel32_WaitForMultipleObjectsEx
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterWaitForInputIdle
Symbol: kernel32_FindResourceExA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIBuildFilterW
Symbol: p2p_DllInstall
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbGetLogFileSize
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiResetObject
Symbol: msvcrt40__getdllprocaddr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRaiseEvent
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargVarRef
Symbol: mp43dmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllFreeList
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionRead
Symbol: cdfview_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetMoCompFormats
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsstr
Symbol: ntdll___eFILD32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlWalkFrameChain
Symbol: esent_JetBackupInstance
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetCursorNameA
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILE_UserSize
Symbol: advpack_FileSaveRestore
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheEntryExA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcNPV
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetStreamSize
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasDebugTrace
Symbol: msv1_0_Msv1_0ExportSubAuthenticationRoutine
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamLength
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupUnmapAndCloseFile
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Remove_SubTree
Symbol: setupapi_CM_First_Range
Symbol: paqsp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvCheckNewIniFiles
Symbol: pdh_PdhCreateSQLTablesW
Symbol: pdh_PdhCollectQueryData
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvGetTrusteesAccess
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRaiseEvent
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargVarRef
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarLikeVar
Symbol: wmadmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIcmpStatsFromStackEx
Symbol: icaapi_IcaOpen
Symbol: fsusd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_SHCreatePropSheetExtArray
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionMode
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionOpen
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeToAdsTypeUTCTime
Symbol: msvcrt_strtok
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetAttrib
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrVaryingArrayMemorySize
Symbol: mapi32_MAPISendDocuments
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetAutodial
Symbol: inetcfg_InetNeedSystemComponents
Symbol: msftedit_IID_IRichEditOleCallback
Symbol: imm32_ImmUnlockClientImc
Symbol: offfilt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kernel32_DeviceIoControl
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArraySetIID
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamPaste
Symbol: msctf_TF_IsInMarshaling
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibGetBuffer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLikeVar
Symbol: msscp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceGetCaps
Symbol: wuapi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dpvoice_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdSetExclusiveMode
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetConnectionDialog
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_DoProfileErrorDialog
Symbol: msvcrt_strtol
Symbol: wmadmoe_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll___eFILD16
Symbol: ntdll_RtlPcToFileHeader
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNtPathNameToDosPathName
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateProcessParameters
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupSetInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSpecialColumns
Symbol: gdi32_CreatePatternBrush
Symbol: gdi32_ColorMatchToTarget
Symbol: ole32_MkParseDisplayName
Symbol: ole32_CoPopServiceDomain
Symbol: expsrv_VarPtr
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSqr
Symbol: MSOERT2_MessageBoxInstW
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_send
Symbol: icwphbk_PhoneBookUnload
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUndecorateA
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetDescriptionA
Symbol: advapi32_ElfReportEventA
Symbol: advapi32_BuildSecurityDescriptorW
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckAndAuditAlarmW
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Write
Symbol: imagehlp_SymLoadModule64
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileStructA
Symbol: rasman_RasDeviceSetInfo
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumLogSetNamesA
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupCreatePrinterDeviceInfoList
Symbol: mscat32_CatalogCompactHashDatabase
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpLosslessQuery
Symbol: htui_HTUI_DeviceColorAdjustmentW
Symbol: certcli_CACloseCertType
Symbol: netui2_CloseUserBrowser
Symbol: msvcrt_fputws
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoBlockFind
Symbol: ntdll_ZwShutdownSystem
Symbol: davclnt_NPGetResourceInformation
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileWrite
Symbol: esent_JetInit2
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLWriteFileDSN
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncUTCTime
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsDestroyClientContext
Symbol: samsrv_SamIResetBadPwdCountOnPdc
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemStAd
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetStyleSheet
Symbol: NCTAudioEditor2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mssap_SapCreateInstance
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindOnPathA
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsAddFtRoot
Symbol: vdmredir_VrCancelPipeIo
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetChildrenContexts
Symbol: winmm_gfxCreateZoneFactoriesList
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingLoadPolicy
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpEntityToStr
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpStrToEntity
Symbol: advapi32_SetUserFileEncryptionKey
Symbol: kernel32__hread
Symbol: kernel32_SetVDMCurrentDirectories
Symbol: kernel32_MapViewOfFileEx
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDeleteEntryA
Symbol: rasman_RasGetHportFromConnection
Symbol: tapi32_lineGatherDigitsW
Symbol: tapi32_MMCConfigProvider
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeleteNtmsMedia
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvRevokeAuditRights
Symbol: netman_GetClientAdvises
Symbol: msisam11_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mprddm_RasAuthProviderInitialize
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetIpNetTableFromStack
Symbol: dsauth_StoreBeginSearch
Symbol: msdmo_MoDeleteMediaType
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetVersion
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetLastError
Symbol: msvcrt_strspn
Symbol: ntdll___eFFREE
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReleasePebLock
Symbol: ntdll_NtAssignProcessToJobObject
Symbol: davclnt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: esent_JetInit3
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHOpenSocket2
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncInteger
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncUTCTime
Symbol: mapi32_FGetComponentPath
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminDLLInit
Symbol: winsta_WinStationActivateLicense
Symbol: kernel32_UpdateResourceA
Symbol: rasman_RasSetDialParams
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcDeviceEnum
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenAppendInfFileW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDevRegKeyW
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dAutoSubclass
Symbol: msi_MsiNotifySidChangeA
Symbol: iepeers_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_ILLoadFromStream
Symbol: msdmo_MoCreateMediaType
Symbol: dbghelp_SymLoadModuleEx
Symbol: cmutil_CmStripFileNameA
Symbol: certcli_CASetCASecurity
Symbol: user32_GetCaretBlinkTime
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetServerCertificate
Symbol: mstlsapi_MIDL_user_free
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptEnableLruOfEntries
Symbol: ntdll___eFILD64
Symbol: ntdll_NtReadFileScatter
Symbol: ntdll_NtDuplicateObject
Symbol: netui1_SlowTransportWorkerThread
Symbol: esent_JetDetachDatabase2
Symbol: ODBC32_CursorLibTransact
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetConnectAttr
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_Key_Name_ExW
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatSuggest
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhDeleteSocket
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedTableChar32String
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaINotifyPasswordChanged
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransDatagramAllocate
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaRollback
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeBufferFree
Symbol: WININET_UnlockUrlCacheEntryFileW
Symbol: SHDOCVW_SoftwareUpdateMessageBox
Symbol: wuweb_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetpMergeFtinfo
Symbol: mstask_SAGetNSAccountInformation
Symbol: advapi32_LsaICLookupSids
Symbol: kernel32_QueryDosDeviceA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFilesFromInfSectionW
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetDevConfigW
Symbol: rshx32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaEraseNoPop
Symbol: ieakeng_ModifyFavoriteW
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportSiteCertA
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportAuthCodeW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetAttachInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_OpenHostFile
Symbol: cmdial32_RasCustomHangUp
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCAProperty
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontPathsA
Symbol: user32_LoadAcceleratorsW
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOM32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateActivationContext
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColAttributesA
Symbol: gdi32_GetBkMode
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDCW
Symbol: gdi32_BeginPath
Symbol: ole32_CoGetObjectContext
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetSearchDialog
Symbol: expsrv___vbaExitEachVar
Symbol: mscoree_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszScanToWhiteA
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszDayFromIndex
Symbol: msutb_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_escape_filter_element
Symbol: oleaut32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupVerifyCatalogFile
Symbol: webvw_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvFormatObjectName
Symbol: rtm_RtmReferenceHandles
Symbol: netcfgx_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaEraseNoPop
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCreateObject
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureUsageA
Symbol: wmspdmod_CreateInstance
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetOpcodeCount
Symbol: wmasf_ASFFindRootObject
Symbol: ddrawex_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpWaitForCriticalSection
Symbol: esent_JetTerm2
Symbol: msacm32_acmStreamConvert
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedTableChar16String
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecUTCTime
Symbol: gdi32_XFORMOBJ_iGetXform
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextCharsetInfo
Symbol: ole32_STGMEDIUM_UserFree
Symbol: expsrv_TipInvokeMethod2
Symbol: URLMON_FindMimeFromData
Symbol: mscoree_LoadLibraryShim
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleParseRfc822Address
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_WriteDAC
Symbol: netapi32_NetErrorLogRead
Symbol: ssdpapi_FreeSsdpMessage
Symbol: HAL_KeTryToAcquireQueuedSpinLock
Symbol: kernel32__lread
Symbol: kernel32_FindVolumeClose
Symbol: rasman_RasRefConnection
Symbol: winfax_FaxEnumGlobalRoutingInfoW
Symbol: setupdll_GenerateSortedIndexList
Symbol: rastls_RasEapInvokeInteractiveUI
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCreateObject
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryRecMove
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaBoolErrVar
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetTcpExTableFromStack
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateTransformW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetObjectInfo
Symbol: wmspdmoe_CreateInstance
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ReadPacketNameAllocate
Symbol: digest_QuerySecurityPackageInfoW
Symbol: blackbox_IBlackBox_CreateInstance
Symbol: opengl32_glTexParameterf
Symbol: wmasf_ASFReadHeaderFromFileHandle
Symbol: wmi_WmiNotificationRegistrationA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateJobObject
Symbol: winipsec_DeleteMMFilter
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetSerialNumberPolicy
Symbol: gdi32_AddFontResourceExW
Symbol: olecli32_GenSaveToStream
Symbol: netapi32_NetAlertRaiseEx
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetIMCLockCount
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonFree
Symbol: comsnap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_first_entry
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessHeaps
Symbol: kernel32_CreateMailslotW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromBool
Symbol: rasapi32_RasRenameEntryA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasPhonebookDlgW
Symbol: winfax_FaxSendDocumentA
Symbol: themeui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupdll_LegacyInfSetSymbolValue
Symbol: setupdll_GetHardDriveFileSystems
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgIsDebuggee
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaBoolErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileDateTime
Symbol: shell32_Shell_NotifyIcon
Symbol: deskmon_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionRead
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionMode
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMQuaternionFromRotation
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapParseResult
Symbol: user32_GetAppCompatFlags
Symbol: user32_DrawAnimatedRects
Symbol: gdi32_Rectangle
Symbol: WININET_GopherOpenFileA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaExitEachAry
Symbol: URLMON_GetComponentIDFromCLSSPEC
Symbol: mscoree_CoInitializeCor
Symbol: NCTAudioPlayer2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: pidgen_PIDGenA
Symbol: comrepl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: regapi_RegUserConfigSet
Symbol: kernel32_UnmapViewOfFile
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadStringPtrA
Symbol: kernel32_GetMailslotInfo
Symbol: dplayx_DirectPlayCreate
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcDisconnect
Symbol: usrcntra_GetBlacklistMgrContents
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAgentState
Symbol: msvcrt40___RTDynamicCast
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileDateTime
Symbol: iphlpapi_IpRenewAddress
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetUdpExTableFromStack
Symbol: cmutil_WzToSz
Symbol: cmutil_SzToWz
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadSmallIconW
Symbol: user32_GetPriorityClipboardFormat
Symbol: user32_DdeDisconnectList
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIV32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMapGenericMask
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatInitializeTranslator
Symbol: gdi32_GetColorAdjustment
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseAllProtseqsEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcNetworkIsProtseqValidW
Symbol: ole32_HBRUSH_UserMarshal
Symbol: samsrv_SamIOpenUserByAlternateId
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgIsFileSharingTurnedOn
Symbol: netapi32_NetUnjoinDomain
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareSetInfo
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserResetStatistics
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_set_optionW
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileStringW
Symbol: kernel32_FlushViewOfFile
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetInfInformationA
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxCancelUpdate
Symbol: iashlpr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: htui_HalftoneUI_DLLInit
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFolderPathW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetAttribs
Symbol: dbghelp_SymUnloadModule
Symbol: opengl32_glTexParameteri
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetNtmFieldsW
Symbol: syssetup_DeviceBayClassInstaller
Symbol: ntdll___eFLDPI
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOM64
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnlargedIntegerMultiply
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateSemaphore
Symbol: schannel_SslEmptyCacheW
Symbol: gdi32_CreatePen
Symbol: gdi32_CreateICW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsBindWithCredW
Symbol: ole32_OpenOrCreateStream
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_DebugServerQueryInterface
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNextEachVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeObjList
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetDevCapsA
Symbol: EqnClass_CoInstallClass
Symbol: oleaut32_CreateErrorInfo
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayUnlock
Symbol: rasapi32_DwEnumEntriesForAllUsers
Symbol: pngfilt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: utildll_CtxGetAnyDCName
Symbol: shscrap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rsvpperf_OpenRsvpPerformanceData
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryRecCopy
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordReadStream
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetInputReport
Symbol: devenum_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glGetPixelMapfv
Symbol: certmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: adptif_DeleteSocketPort
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetClearConnections
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptGetTimeValidObject
Symbol: msvcrt_strstr
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserServerConnect
Symbol: ntdll___eFLDCW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindNextForwardRunClear
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUserBreakPoint
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetCursorNameA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarCreateTrustedDomainEx
Symbol: gdi32_PATHOBJ_vEnumStart
Symbol: rpcrt4_DceErrorInqTextW
Symbol: ole32_StgCreateStorageEx
Symbol: WININET_InternetCanonicalizeUrlW
Symbol: MSIDENT_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrIStreamToBSTR
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExEHelp
Symbol: imm32_ImmRequestMessageA
Symbol: cdmodem_CdOpen
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLAllocConnect
Symbol: comctl32_ShowHideMenuCtl
Symbol: kernel32_SetTermsrvAppInstallMode
Symbol: kernel32_BaseCleanupAppcompatCache
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromDisp
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumDevicesW
Symbol: rasman_RasPppGetEapInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryDrivesInDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_HW_Prof
Symbol: drmclien_RequestLicense
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeleteEnumHandle
Symbol: rsaenh_CPReleaseContext
Symbol: pdh_PdhMakeCounterPathW
Symbol: ntmsapi_CancelNtmsLibraryRequest
Symbol: shell32_ShellMessageBoxW
Symbol: adptif_CreateSocketPort
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionIsIdentity
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixTransformation
Symbol: dsound3d_CafBiquadCoeffs
Symbol: crtdll__mbsdec
Symbol: crtdll__cscanf
Symbol: msxml_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: newdev_InstallNewDevice
Symbol: cscdll_CSCEnumForStatsA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetDefaultOIDDllList
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateAndSetSD
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAcquirePebLock
Symbol: ntdll_LdrAccessResource
Symbol: davclnt_NPGetConnection
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveDriver
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDriverConnectW
Symbol: winscard_SCardSetAttrib
Symbol: gdi32_GetRelAbs
Symbol: olecli32_OleCopyFromLink
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosSend
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupUpdateSecurityKey
Symbol: secur32_LsaEnumerateLogonSessions
Symbol: advapi32_GetTrusteeFormA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumEntriesA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetCallStatus
Symbol: setupdll_SetupChangeServiceStart
Symbol: olepro32_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceVSControl
Symbol: ntmsapi_InjectNtmsMedia
Symbol: msvcrt40__set_error_mode
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtUI1FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarForInit
Symbol: wmpui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportProgramsA
Symbol: icm32_CMTranslateRGBsExt
Symbol: duser_DUserGetAlphaPRID
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionOpen
Symbol: confmsp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll__CIlog10
Symbol: netui0_UserProfileQuery
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1bitstring_cmp
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNextEachAry
Symbol: olecli32_OleSetHostNames
Symbol: olecli32_OleSaveToStream
Symbol: sfc_os_SfcWLEventLogoff
Symbol: isrdbg32_DbgMsg
Symbol: cdm_QueryDetectionFiles
Symbol: rdchost_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: secur32_QuerySecurityPackageInfoW
Symbol: wldap32_LdapGetLastError
Symbol: HAL_HalSystemVectorDispatchEntry
Symbol: rasman_RasAllocateRoute
Symbol: msrclr40_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ir50_qc_DllMain
Symbol: ir50_32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ir41_qc_DllMain
Symbol: shimeng_SE_ProcessDying
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtUI1FromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarForInit
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryVarVarg
Symbol: wmdmlog_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mscms_SetColorProfileElementSize
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminPortEnum
Symbol: jet500_JetGetDatabaseInfo
Symbol: shell32_SHGetNewLinkInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_SkipToRecord
Symbol: docprop_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetGlyphListA
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIGetFirstRow
Symbol: crtdll__getche
Symbol: crtdll__CIatan
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserRead
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIV64
Symbol: gdi32_gdiPlaySpoolStream
Symbol: gdi32_FloodFill
Symbol: gdi32_EngBitBlt
Symbol: ole32_UpdateDCOMSettings
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DtcPerfCollect
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK_QueryInterface
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargParmRef
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_EnableTV
Symbol: hticons_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetBrightness
Symbol: rasman_RasStartRasAutoIfRequired
Symbol: setupapi_InstallCatalog
Symbol: wow32_WOW32DriverCallback
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetQueueListA
Symbol: tapi32_lineDial
Symbol: spoolss_CallDrvDevModeConversion
Symbol: rastapi_PortGetIOHandle
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectItemsW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupDestroyDriverInfo3
Symbol: npptools_NmHeapAllocate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCVarAryUdt
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryVarVarg
Symbol: ipsecsvc_SPDServiceMain
Symbol: duser_DUserGetScalePRID
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsSetLastError
Symbol: crtdll__mbclen
Symbol: msieftp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll_LdrFindResource_U
Symbol: esent_JetCreateDatabase2
Symbol: msdart_CreateDirectoryI
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeSpnArrayA
Symbol: ole32_CoMarshalInterThreadInterfaceInStream
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllRegisterWindowClasses
Symbol: MSOERT2_IsPlatformWinNT
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsRelativeA
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetAccessEnum
Symbol: advapi32_GetTrusteeNameW
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityInfo
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Resource_Conflict_DetailsW
Symbol: wshext_GetSignedDataMsg
Symbol: scrobj_GenerateTypeLibW
Symbol: rsmps_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm50_DllFunctionCall
Symbol: msi_MsiLocateComponentA
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIInitialize
Symbol: ieakeng_GetFavoriteUrlW
Symbol: dssenh_CPReleaseContext
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLinePrev64
Symbol: opengl32_wglGetCurrentDC
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceCloseEnum
Symbol: wmi_RegisterTraceGuidsA
Symbol: crtdll__access
Symbol: crtdll__CIfmod
Symbol: crtdll__CIacos
Symbol: user32_SetCaretBlinkTime
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUB32
Symbol: ntdll___eFSAVE
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOMP
Symbol: ntdll_RtlApplicationVerifierStop
Symbol: esent_JetAttachDatabase2
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetConnectAttr
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_DevNode_Problem_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncUTCTime
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleStructMemorySize
Symbol: anvctrl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_DsEnumerateDomainTrustsW
Symbol: mstask_SASetNSAccountInformation
Symbol: mtxex_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: query_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: secur32_SaslAcceptSecurityContext
Symbol: winmm_midiInGetDevCapsW
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextVolumeA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInitializeFileLogW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Version
Symbol: routetab_FreeRouteTable
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetPos
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLParamOptions
Symbol: msvbvm60_DllFunctionCall
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbLibraryUnload
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordGetInteger
Symbol: ixsso_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetRotation
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetRootInfo
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionMode
Symbol: certcli_CASetCAProperty
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetVersionExA
Symbol: adptif_FwNotifyConnectionRequest
Symbol: user32_GetClipboardOwner
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoDuplicate
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigTransportGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_NtReadRequestData
Symbol: ntdll_NtNotifyChangeMultipleKeys
Symbol: winipsec_DeleteMMPolicy
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBulkOperations
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLFetch
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Reenumerate_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_SetBkMode
Symbol: ole32_HWND_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: advpack_RunSetupCommand
Symbol: msjtes40_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: WININET_RunOnceUrlCache
Symbol: imgutil_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rasapi32_UnInitializeRAS
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFindNextMatchLineW
Symbol: slbcsp_CPReleaseContext
Symbol: regwizc_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: plustab_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbLibraryUnload
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbCreateContext
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureStateA
Symbol: mobsync_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_SHFileOperationW
Symbol: wmsdmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLineNext64
Symbol: user32_GetNextDlgTabItem
Symbol: zipfldr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAssignProcessToJobObject
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBrowseConnectW
Symbol: gdi32_GetDIBits
Symbol: gdi32_GdiArtificialDecrementDriver
Symbol: gdi32_EngPlgBlt
Symbol: gdi32_EngComputeGlyphSet
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeDecode2
Symbol: expsrv_GetMem1
Symbol: olecli32_OleUnlockServer
Symbol: mscoree_RuntimeOSHandle
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveArgsA
Symbol: ntlanman_ShareAsDialogA0
Symbol: psapi_EnumDeviceDrivers
Symbol: kernel32_SetVolumeLabelW
Symbol: localspl_SplDeletePrintProcessor
Symbol: dgsetup_DigiMultiPortCoInstaller
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetSourceFileSizeA
Symbol: iyuv_32_DriverDialogProc
Symbol: nvshell_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wmsdmoe_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_lineInitializeExW
Symbol: rtm_CheckTable
Symbol: odbcconf_DestroyInfList
Symbol: msvcp50__Dscale
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbCreateContext
Symbol: msls31_LsdnGetCurTabInfo
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductInfoFromScriptA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDUnlock
Symbol: mapistub_ScMAPIXFromCMC
Symbol: iassvcs_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPReleaseContext
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkD3dValidateTextureStageState
Symbol: danim_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_GetLayeredWindowAttributes
Symbol: user32_AttachThreadInput
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReadFileScatter
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDuplicateObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtTerminateThread
Symbol: regsvc_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Register_Device_Driver
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetSerialNumberPolicy
Symbol: ole32_OleCreate
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetBootKeyInformation
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaComplete
Symbol: expsrv_GetMem2
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateHeaderTable
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_list
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupAddUser
Symbol: msvcp60__Dscale
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetLineInfoA
Symbol: advapi32_QueryAllTracesW
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedPopEntrySList
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumeNameForVolumeMountPointW
Symbol: kernel32_GetACP
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupAddMiniIconToList
Symbol: winntbbu_StartBillBoard
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLErrorW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLParamOptions
Symbol: npptools_ClearEventData
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpAddRequestHeaders
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileLocation
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaMidStmtVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbSetContextWorkerThread
Symbol: iphlpapi_UnenableRouter
Symbol: icm32_CMGetInfo
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetContextFunc
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetAllContexts
Symbol: esent97_JetOpenTempTable
Symbol: duser_UtilDrawBlendRect
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumCertTypes
Symbol: alrsvc_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: crtdll__execle
Symbol: wmpcore_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: user32_SendIMEMessageExW
Symbol: user32_LoadMenuIndirectW
Symbol: ntdll___eFPTAN
Symbol: ntdll___eFMUL32
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetVolumeInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateEventPair
Symbol: msidle_LibMain
Symbol: w32time_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: WININET_ShowX509EncodedCertificate
Symbol: WININET_ShowCertificate
Symbol: olecli32_BmDraw
Symbol: isign32_LibMain
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsFileSpecW
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaGetInfo
Symbol: mmfutil_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationSetSecurityA
Symbol: url_FileProtocolHandler
Symbol: winmm_SendDriverMessage
Symbol: winsta__WinStationWaitForConnect
Symbol: kernel32_SetMailslotInfo
Symbol: kernel32_FindResourceExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_Size_Ex
Symbol: InkEd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: termmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAgentGroup
Symbol: sisbkup_SisCreateBackupStructure
Symbol: sigtab_DllMain
Symbol: shsvcs_ThemeServiceMain
Symbol: rsaenh_CPAcquireContext
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCPassword2Key
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileLocation
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaMidStmtVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbSetContextWorkerThread
Symbol: wmvdmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCurrentTime
Symbol: esent97_JetSetIndexRange
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionOpen
Symbol: wmasf_ASFTimeToSendTime
Symbol: wmasf_ASFSendTimeToTime
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_AddDataToBuffer
Symbol: crtdll__CItanh
Symbol: crtdll__CIasin
Symbol: ntdll___eFUCOM
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUB64
Symbol: ntdll___eFPREM
Symbol: ntdll___eFINIT
Symbol: winipsec_DeleteQMPolicy
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetCursorNameW
Symbol: ODBC32_CursorLibLockStmt
Symbol: gdi32_SetFontEnumeration
Symbol: gdi32_SetColorAdjustment
Symbol: gdi32_ExtEscape
Symbol: samsrv_SampFlagsToAccountControl
Symbol: samsrv_SampAccountControlToFlags
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DoDACPropSheet
Symbol: comsvcs_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheEntryExW
Symbol: expsrv_GetMem4
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRevokeObject
Symbol: olecli32_ErrCopyFromLink
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ciodm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasParseEndorserString
Symbol: winmm_mciGetCreatorTask
Symbol: comctl32_DestroyPropertySheetPage
Symbol: imagehlp_SymMatchString
Symbol: usrcntra_SetCountryTableByT35Code
Symbol: msvcrt20___argc
Symbol: wmvdmoe_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wiashext_GetDeviceUIKey
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeMargins
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetFunctions
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetDateValue
Symbol: msi_MsiCollectUserInfoA
Symbol: mdhcp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mapistub_WrapCompressedRTFStream
Symbol: glmf32_glsBlock
Symbol: esent97_JetPrepareUpdate
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSetAttribs
Symbol: dmime_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__filbuf
Symbol: jscript_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: authz_AuthziInitializeAuditEvent
Symbol: ntdll___eFIST32
Symbol: msdart_GetComputerNameI
Symbol: gdi32_GetBrushAttributes
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFPException
Symbol: olecli32_ErrSetHostNames
Symbol: olecli32_LeDraw
Symbol: anvioctl_GetSubVendorID
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlGetLocationA
Symbol: ntshrui_CanShareFolderW
Symbol: query_CiCreateSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: regapi_RegGetUserPolicy
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLinePrev
Symbol: kernel32_GetTapePosition
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessWorkingSetSize
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromDate
Symbol: samlib_SamiOemChangePasswordUser2
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetGroupListA
Symbol: rsaenh_CPHashSessionKey
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetDateValue
Symbol: msls31_LsSetBreakSubline
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerBackupDatabase
Symbol: pstorec_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll_bsearch
Symbol: crtdll__CIcosh
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTryEnterCriticalSection
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncBitIntx
Symbol: gdi32_WidenPath
Symbol: samsrv_SamIRemoveDSNameFromGroup
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluRemoveAllRegistryCheckpoints
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCheckIfOkToStartDtc
Symbol: olecli32_PbDraw
Symbol: mscoree_CoEEShutDownCOM
Symbol: safrslv_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUndecorateW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFileExistsA
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupGetInfo
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetDescriptionW
Symbol: advapi32_ElfReportEventW
Symbol: kernel32_GetStartupInfoA
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileStructW
Symbol: localspl_InitializePrintProvidor
Symbol: rasman_RasPppSetEapInfo
Symbol: userenv_UnregisterGPNotification
Symbol: userenv_GetUserProfileDirectoryA
Symbol: tcpmonui_LocalAddPortUI
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumLogSetNamesW
Symbol: pdh_PdhBrowseCountersHA
Symbol: ntmarta_EventGuidToName
Symbol: msvcrt40___argc
Symbol: msvbvm60_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarForNext
Symbol: mscms_OpenColorProfileA
Symbol: localui_InitializePrintMonitorUI
Symbol: crtdll__mbscat
Symbol: ntdll___eFIST16
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRegisterSecureMemoryCacheCallback
Symbol: ntdll_NtWriteFileGather
Symbol: netui1_SetupNullSession
Symbol: rtutils_RegisterWaitEventBinding
Symbol: gdi32_StartDocA
Symbol: gdi32_SetRelAbs
Symbol: gdi32_EngLineTo
Symbol: gdi32_AbortPath
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRcopy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeVarList
Symbol: olecli32_MfDraw
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExAbout
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlApplySchemeA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindOnPathW
Symbol: scecli_SceAnalyzeSystem
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLineNext
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessTimes
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDeleteEntryW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetBundle
Symbol: rasman_RasBundleGetPort
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueCopyIndirectA
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHGetSocketInformation
Symbol: wiashext_PropertySheetFromDevice
Symbol: wiadss_CloseFindContext
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphNumberOfVertices
Symbol: tapi32_linePrepareAddToConferenceA
Symbol: tapi32_lineMonitorDigits
Symbol: psbase_SPReleaseContext
Symbol: odbcconf_LoadRegKeyBackupFromFile
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarForNext
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishRegular
Symbol: mlang_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mfc40u_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: icaapi_IcaCdCreateThread
Symbol: shell32_PathGetShortPath
Symbol: dssenh_CPAcquireContext
Symbol: dmstyle_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glNormalPointer
Symbol: opengl32_glFogf
Symbol: wuaueng_UHRunRemoteHandlerServer
Symbol: clb_ClbWndProc
Symbol: authz_AuthziInitializeAuditQueue
Symbol: ntdll___eFMUL64
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateSemaphore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlExtendedIntegerMultiply
Symbol: schannel_QueryContextAttributesA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarCreateSecret
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFreeSidArray
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRecDestruct
Symbol: expsrv_GetMem8
Symbol: srclient_CreateSnapshot
Symbol: advapi32_WmiGetNextEvent
Symbol: kernel32_UpdateResourceW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemGeoID
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBoolFromDisp
Symbol: rasman_RasActivateRoute
Symbol: wiavusd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wavemsp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetDayOfWeek
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrCompVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipGetAddressOfPredeclaredInstance
Symbol: msi_MsiNotifySidChangeW
Symbol: hotplug_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dmutil_LowNtReadOnlyAttributeOff
Symbol: d3d9_Direct3DShaderValidatorCreate9
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddP7R
Symbol: cmutil_CmStripFileNameW
Symbol: crtdll__mbsinc
Symbol: crtdll__fdopen
Symbol: crtdll__c_exit
Symbol: mstscax_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSTelephoneRegisterLKP
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyCRLTimeValidity
Symbol: ntdll_NtNotifyChangeKey
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecQueryIKEStatistics
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry10
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrDllUnregisterProxy
Symbol: olethk32_IntOpInitialize
Symbol: cmprops_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasDebugError
Symbol: winmm_MigrateAllDrivers
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_extended_operation_sA
Symbol: advapi32_GetTrusteeTypeA
Symbol: kernel32_QueryDosDeviceW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarAdd
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data_Size
Symbol: xenroll_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: nvcpl_GetdtcfgLastError
Symbol: unimdmat_UmIssueCommand
Symbol: tapi32_MMCRemoveProvider
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterConnectionW
Symbol: slbcsp_CPAcquireContext
Symbol: scripto_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetDayOfWeek
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrCompVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipGetAddressOfPredeclaredInstance
Symbol: msls31_LsGetMinDurBreaks
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordGetStringA
Symbol: mscms_CloseColorProfile
Symbol: mfc42u_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: kerberos_SpInstanceInit
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportSiteCertW
Symbol: fmifs_SetLabel
Symbol: dxtrans_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dssenh_CPHashSessionKey
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetServers
Symbol: cmutil_GetOSBuildNumber
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetFontPathsW
Symbol: adptif_GetAdapterNameFromMacAddrW
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceCreateHardwarePageEx
Symbol: crtdll__getpid
Symbol: crtdll__fileno
Symbol: mstlsapi_GetAllEnterpriseServers
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptUninstallOssGlobal
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDestroyQueryDebugBuffer
Symbol: winipsec_EnumMMPolicies
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColAttributesW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry11
Symbol: ole32_CoUnmarshalHresult
Symbol: olecli32_SetNextNetDrive
Symbol: netapi32_NlBindingAddServerToCache
Symbol: shimgvw_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ssdpapi_RegisterService
Symbol: HAL_HalReturnToFirmware
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityInfo
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFormatNumber
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_GetAddress
Symbol: tapi32_lineHold
Symbol: setupdll_CopySingleFile
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordSetStreamA
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureUsageW
Symbol: iphlpapi_Icmp6CreateFile
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPAcquireContext
Symbol: ftsrch_RegisterAnimator
Symbol: ftsrch_DeleteCompressor
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateIndexer
Symbol: dgnet_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glFogi
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegGetKeySecurity
Symbol: cic_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cryptnet_CertDllVerifyRevocation
Symbol: crtdll__mbccpy
Symbol: crtdll__getcwd
Symbol: crtdll__CIsinh
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyMessageSignatureWithKey
Symbol: msgsvc_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry12
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeEncode2
Symbol: URLMON_FaultInIEFeature
Symbol: atl_AtlMarshalPtrInProc
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserQueryStatistics
Symbol: netlogon_NlNetlogonMain
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_FlipTopBottom
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSSendMessageA
Symbol: kernel32__lopen
Symbol: kernel32_ResetWriteWatch
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_Empty_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: xactsrv_XsDupWStrToStr
Symbol: xactsrv_XsDupStrToWStr
Symbol: nview_HKEnable
Symbol: swprv_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: slbcsp_CPHashSessionKey
Symbol: rasrad_Collect
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeleteNtmsDrive
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordSetInteger
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllShutdown
Symbol: shell32_SHAlloc
Symbol: shell32_ILClone
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetRotation
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetRootInfo
Symbol: dsuiext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: clusapi_OpenClusterNode
Symbol: wmi_WmiNotificationRegistrationW
Symbol: crtdll_getchar
Symbol: crtdll__mbschr
Symbol: crtdll__finite
Symbol: user32_EndDeferWindowPos
Symbol: srrstr_CheckPrivilegesForRestore
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoRemoveAll
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigTransportSetInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTP32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteResource
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenThreadToken
Symbol: msdart_ExpandEnvironmentStringsI
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetSocketInformation
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry13
Symbol: samsrv_SamIUpdateLogonStatistics
Symbol: version_VerInstallFileA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathMakePrettyA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsSameRootA
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommTimeouts
Symbol: rasapi32_RasRenameEntryW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryInfVersionInformationA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SIOReclaim
Symbol: cscui_CSCOptions_RunDLL
Symbol: winfax_FaxSendDocumentW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetEnvironmentWithNetName
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideAssemblyA
Symbol: msi_MsiSetFeatureStateA
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPHashSessionKey
Symbol: ftsrch_ClearDisplayText
Symbol: esent97_JetGetColumnInfo
Symbol: dmsynth_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionOpen
Symbol: opengl32_glPolygonOffset
Symbol: crtdll__expand
Symbol: crtdll__execve
Symbol: user32_ClientThreadSetup
Symbol: crypt32_CertRegisterPhysicalStore
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecEnumMMSAs
Symbol: msdart_RegisterClassExI
Symbol: msdart_GetFileSecurityI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CMP_WaitServicesAvailable
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetLogonGuid
Symbol: gdi32_StartPage
Symbol: gdi32_SetDIBits
Symbol: gdi32_RestoreDC
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry14
Symbol: ole32_PropStgNameToFmtId
Symbol: ole32_FmtIdToPropStgName
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsNetworkNameInLocalClusterW
Symbol: WININET_GopherOpenFileW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaMidStmtVarB
Symbol: pidgen_PIDGenW
Symbol: ssdpapi_GetFirstService
Symbol: sti_ci_CoinstallerEntry
Symbol: winsta__WinStationAnnoyancePopup
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterWowExec
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadStringPtrW
Symbol: oleaut32_RegisterTypeLib
Symbol: rasman_RasPortReceiveEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileList
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Delete_DevNode_Key_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20__scalb
Symbol: msrating_RatingAccessDeniedDialog
Symbol: userenv_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexNumberOfInEdges
Symbol: tsd32_TrueSpeech_Version
Symbol: ntmsmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLeftCharBstr
Symbol: wship6_WSHEnumProtocols
Symbol: hlink_HlinkTranslateURL
Symbol: shell32_SHLimitInputEdit
Symbol: shell32_SheRemoveQuotesA
Symbol: fontext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: duser_UtilSetBackground
Symbol: crtdll__mbslen
Symbol: crtdll__execlp
Symbol: user32_SetLayeredWindowAttributes
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSDisconnectFromServer
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptDetachTls
Symbol: crypt32_CryptImportPKCS8
Symbol: ntdll__memicmp
Symbol: winipsec_EnumQMPolicies
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CloseEncoder2
Symbol: gdi32_GetFontAssocStatus
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry15
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingToStringBindingA
Symbol: ole32_STGMEDIUM_UserSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamrQueryInformationAlias
Symbol: wintrust_AddPersonalTrustDBPages
Symbol: expsrv_rtcR8ValFromBstr
Symbol: URLMON_BindAsyncMoniker
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgInstallInetComponents
Symbol: cryptdlg_FormatVerisignExtension
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupDelUser
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationSetNumValueW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasFormatArgs
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_StartPrintJob
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetSaturation
Symbol: winsta__NWLogonSetAdmin
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGetAllProcesses
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetTypeInfo
Symbol: kernel32_DisableThreadLibraryCalls
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetInfInformationW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassRegistryPropertyA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetShareCheck
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetPhoneStatus
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLeftCharBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRightCharVar
Symbol: iassvcs_IASUninitialize
Symbol: hnetwiz_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: hlink_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFree
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNodeEnum
Symbol: adsldpc_intcmp
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DXMeshVertexBuffer8GetData
Symbol: crtdll__mbscmp
Symbol: crtdll__flsbuf
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSMarkLicense
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTP80
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReadRequestData
Symbol: ntdll_ZwNotifyChangeMultipleKeys
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroTableCharStringNoAlloc
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEntry16
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthClientExA
Symbol: samsrv_SamrRemoveMemberFromGroup
Symbol: mscoree_GetStartupFlags
Symbol: dxtmsft_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaSetInfo
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ConvertToGray
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Set256ColorDisplayMethod
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetDevCapsW
Symbol: winmm_joyReleaseCapture
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_HW_Prof_Flags_ExA
Symbol: cscui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__scalb
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRightCharVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLsetFixstr
Symbol: msi_MsiAdvertiseScriptA
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceInputPCM
Symbol: ds32gt_Dispatch
Symbol: qedit_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dsdmo_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: d3dxof_DirectXFileCreate
Symbol: crtdll_realloc
Symbol: crtdll_isalpha
Symbol: user32_DrawEdge
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeStringToAnsiSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAnsiStringToUnicodeSize
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetCursorNameW
Symbol: gdi32_ScaleViewportExtEx
Symbol: gdi32_OffsetRgn
Symbol: expsrv___vbaBoolVarNull
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargVarMove
Symbol: olecli32_BmCopy
Symbol: imm32_ImmUnregisterWordA
Symbol: imm32_ImmRequestMessageW
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCursorPosition
Symbol: kernel32_LZRead
Symbol: printui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetField
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryDrivesInDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: nview_NVDebugEnumTemporalWindows
Symbol: spoolss_pszDbgAllocMsgA
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeleteRouteTable
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetPropertyParameterBlock
Symbol: rastls_RasEapFreeMemory
Symbol: psbase_SPAcquireContext
Symbol: oleacc_WindowFromAccessibleObject
Symbol: oleacc_AccessibleObjectFromWindow
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetTypeInfoW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupIsCompatibleDriver
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLsetFixstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrVarMove
Symbol: mapistub_OpenTnefStream
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDGetStreamInfo
Symbol: FM20_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetBlockRoutes
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnetElementsV4
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorModulus
Symbol: certcli_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeQuery
Symbol: adsldpc_GetDomainDNSNameForDomain
Symbol: user32_DeviceEventWorker
Symbol: cscdll_CSCEnumForStatsW
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyValidityNesting
Symbol: drmstor_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTP64
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTCW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwTerminateThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateProcessEx
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1Free
Symbol: gdi32_UnloadNetworkFonts
Symbol: gdi32_SetBrushAttributes
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATEnumerateMember
Symbol: SHLWAPI_ColorAdjustLuma
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcGetUptimeFromTime
Symbol: winsta__WinStationUpdateSettings
Symbol: winsta_WinStationSetInformationA
Symbol: advapi32_GetTrusteeFormW
Symbol: kernel32_SetTapePosition
Symbol: kernel32_SetProcessWorkingSetSize
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumEntriesW
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetupTransfer
Symbol: tapi32_linePark
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateRouteTable
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpSetStatusCallback
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiReportEvent
Symbol: netshell_NetSetupInstallSoftware
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrVarMove
Symbol: lprhelp_EndJob
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportProgramsW
Symbol: ieakeng_GetBaseFileNameA
Symbol: hlink_OleSaveToStreamEx
Symbol: gpkcsp_DllMain
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsIsStatusRcode
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnetElementsV5
Symbol: d3dxof_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll__strdec
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetVolumeInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateEventPair
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1uint32_uoctets
Symbol: gdi32_GetRgnBox
Symbol: olecli32_LeCopy
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateDataObject
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgInstallModem
Symbol: wucltui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dsquery_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupSetInfo
Symbol: ntshrui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOidFree
Symbol: msvcrt20__chdir
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphEnumConnections
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpReadData
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCSetInterface
Symbol: mssign32_SignerTimeStamp
Symbol: msports_ComDBGetCurrentPortUsage
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetDupSubline
Symbol: fmifs_ChkdskEx
Symbol: duser_GetDebug
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetGlyphListW
Symbol: crtdll__pclose
Symbol: crtdll__chsize
Symbol: crypt32_CryptHashMessage
Symbol: crypt32_CryptFindOIDInfo
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminPortEnum
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserOpen
Symbol: msdart_UnregisterClassI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Log_Conf
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextLike
Symbol: dpnet_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetDrvItem
Symbol: oleaut32_VarAnd
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromBool
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetVersion
Symbol: msvcrt20__getch
Symbol: msvcrt20__fmode
Symbol: msvcrt20__chmod
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHSetSocketInformation
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetQueueListW
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeregisterClient
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgTraceEvent
Symbol: winhttp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netcfgx_NetCfgDiagFromCommandArgs
Symbol: msvfw32_ICCompressorFree
Symbol: wmpcd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ftsrch_DllMain
Symbol: dmocx_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wmasf_ASFTimeToPresTime
Symbol: wmasf_ASFPresTimeToTime
Symbol: crtdll_asctime
Symbol: user32_GetKeyboardLayout
Symbol: ntdll__memccpy
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRaiseException
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeregisterWait
Symbol: msdart_MPCSUninitialize
Symbol: gdi32_PtVisible
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeSpnArrayW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargVarCopy
Symbol: olecli32_MfCopy
Symbol: bootvid_VidResetDisplay
Symbol: avwav_WavOutGetIdByName
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsRelativeW
Symbol: ntlanman_NPEnumResource
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Crop
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGetUserKey
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_ResetAlarm
Symbol: msvcrt40__chdir
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrVarCopy
Symbol: msi_MsiLocateComponentW
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetPerformance
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetProperty
Symbol: dsprop_IsSheetAlreadyUp
Symbol: wmi_RegisterTraceGuidsW
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsdec
Symbol: msvcrt__cscanf
Symbol: crypt32_CryptExportPKCS8
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeAnsiString
Symbol: ntdll_LdrShutdownThread
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluUpgradeDtcResourceW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCheckpointRegistryA
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__AsyncBinaryTrace
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegOpenUSKeyA
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilMemFree
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextVolumeW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Request_Device_EjectA
Symbol: msvcrt20__lfind
Symbol: msctf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: sbe_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: tapi32_lineOpen
Symbol: spoolss_ImpersonatePrinterClient
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphDelete
Symbol: rpcns4_I_RpcReBindBuffer
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupDriverInfoFromName
Symbol: msvcrt40__getch
Symbol: msvcrt40__fmode
Symbol: msvcrt40__chmod
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrVarCopy
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetTimeValue
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrTextCmp
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRsetFixstr
Symbol: msvbvm50__CIlog
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordSetStringA
Symbol: shell32_SHGetSetSettings
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetVersionExW
Symbol: crtdll_isspace
Symbol: crtdll_fwscanf
Symbol: crtdll__commit
Symbol: msvcrt__acmdln
Symbol: msvcrt__CIlog10
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWriteFileGather
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapGetEncAlg
Symbol: sxs_SxsGenerateActivationContext
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerEnumEx
Symbol: kernel32_PrivCopyFileExW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarAbs
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIlog
Symbol: nview_NVDebugHeapStatus
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetPowerMizerMenuItem
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterIC
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphCreate
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupCreateDrvSetupPage
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetTimeValue
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrTextCmp
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRsetFixstr
Symbol: msvbvm60__CIlog
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcBstrFromChar
Symbol: msvbvm50__CItan
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFeatureStateW
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetPerformance
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegSetKeySecurity
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterGroupGetEnumCount
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventStartScreenSaver
Symbol: crtdll__futime
Symbol: syssetup_PnPInitializationThread
Symbol: msvcrt__getche
Symbol: msvcrt__CIatan
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceGetHandle
Symbol: ntdll__aulldiv
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualPrefixSid
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCompressBuffer
Symbol: davclnt_NPAddConnection3
Symbol: esent_JetRetrieveColumn
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLDescribeColW
Symbol: ole32_CoInstall
Symbol: samsrv_SampRtlConvertUlongToUnicodeString
Symbol: es_ServiceMain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFreeStrList
Symbol: olecli32_LeQueryProtocol
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveArgsW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpUpgradePreNT5JoinInfo
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpDuplicateVbl
Symbol: localspl_SplDriverEvent
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrFromDisp
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetSourceFileSizeW
Symbol: msvcrt20_calloc
Symbol: msvcrt20__creat
Symbol: msvcrt20___argv
Symbol: msvcrt20__CItan
Symbol: wshext_PutSignedDataMsg
Symbol: spoolss_PlayGdiScriptOnPrinterIC
Symbol: spoolss_CreatePrinterIC
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIPromptUserA
Symbol: npptools_RegOpenBlobKey
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpNotifyConfigChangeEx
Symbol: msvcrt40__lfind
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcBstrFromChar
Symbol: msvbvm60__CItan
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLowerCaseVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_CLASS_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductInfoFromScriptW
Symbol: mlang_ConvertINetString
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDTerminatePlay
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorBrushF
Symbol: cmutil_CmAtolA
Symbol: wmi_OpenTraceA
Symbol: crtdll__mbsdup
Symbol: crtdll__fsopen
Symbol: crtdll__execvp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbclen
Symbol: ntdll__aullrem
Symbol: ntdll__alldvrm
Symbol: ntdll_ZwNotifyChangeKey
Symbol: msdart_RemoveDirectoryI
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHSetSocketInformation
Symbol: gdi32_RoundRect
Symbol: ole32_ReadFmtUserTypeStg
Symbol: olecli32_LeShow
Symbol: NCTAudioRecord2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: MSHTML_ShowHTMLDialogEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegEnumUSKeyA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegCloseUSKey
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsIsThisADomainName
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMUnlock
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetLineInfoW
Symbol: basesrv_BaseSrvNlsLogon
Symbol: kernel32_SetCommTimeouts
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCat
Symbol: msvcrt20__except_handler2
Symbol: winntbbu_ShowProgressGaugeWindow
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvRemoveClassesKey
Symbol: tapi32_lineDrop
Symbol: sqlwid__lopen_
Symbol: security_DecryptMessage
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIlog
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLowerCaseVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_CLASS_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipCreateInstanceProject2
Symbol: msvbvm50__CIcos
Symbol: keymgr_DllMain
Symbol: FM20_FormsOpenParentUnit
Symbol: esent97_JetIdle
Symbol: dmutil_DllMain
Symbol: opengl32_glHint
Symbol: msvcrt__access
Symbol: msvcrt__CIfmod
Symbol: msvcrt__CIacos
Symbol: user32_GetRawInputBuffer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEmptyAtomTable
Symbol: wkssvc_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCancelDynamicRedirect
Symbol: samsrv_SampGetSerialNumberDomain2
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvUninstallNT4
Symbol: imeshare_GrfStyIMEStyle
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationSetSecurityW
Symbol: secur32_LsaRegisterPolicyChangeNotification
Symbol: oleaut32_OleIconToCursor
Symbol: msvcrt20__execl
Symbol: msvcrt20__except_handler3
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIcos
Symbol: iuctl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: psbase_SPGetSubtypeInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40_calloc
Symbol: msvcrt40__creat
Symbol: msvcrt40___argv
Symbol: msvcrt40__CItan
Symbol: msvbvm60__CIcos
Symbol: certcli_CARemoveCACertificateType
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetClassInfoByIndex
Symbol: mstscax_DllGetTscCtlVer
Symbol: ntdll___eFSQRT
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeleteBootEntry
Symbol: h323msp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx_setuint32
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAI_PRIVATE_DATA
Symbol: expsrv_PutMem1
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryDestruct
Symbol: URLMON_CreateURLMoniker
Symbol: oakley_IKEInit
Symbol: kernel32_LZDone
Symbol: oleaut32_VarNeg
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetClassRegistryPropertyA
Symbol: msvcrt20_fscanf
Symbol: msvcrt20__kbhit
Symbol: iyuv_32_DllMain
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeIntList
Symbol: msvcrt40__except_handler2
Symbol: msvcp50__Denorm
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipInvokeMethod
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetHourOfDay
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcUpperCaseVar
Symbol: msls31_LsTruncateSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiCollectUserInfoW
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorBrushI
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterOpenEnum
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DXMeshVertexBuffer8SetData
Symbol: wmi_CloseTrace
Symbol: crtdll_isdigit
Symbol: crtdll__mktemp
Symbol: crtdll__mbsset
Symbol: crtdll__mbscpy
Symbol: powrprof_GetPwrDiskSpindownRange
Symbol: newdev_InstallDevInstEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenThreadToken
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetNameCompare
Symbol: gdi32_GetGlyphOutlineWow
Symbol: samsrv_SamINetLogonPing
Symbol: expsrv_PutMem2
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlGetLocationW
Symbol: kd1394_KdRestore
Symbol: msvcp60__Denorm
Symbol: riched20_IID_IRichEditOle
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_HW_Prof_Flags_ExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_First_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalLockSize16
Symbol: nvcpl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: unimdmat_UmMonitorModem
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetGroupListW
Symbol: msvcrt40__execl
Symbol: msvcrt40__except_handler3
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIcos
Symbol: msvcp50__FDnorm
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipInvokeMethod
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetHourOfDay
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcUpperCaseVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDDB
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceStopPlay
Symbol: glmf32_glsFlush
Symbol: shell32_SHOpenPropSheetW
Symbol: crtdll_isgraph
Symbol: crtdll__tzname
Symbol: crtdll__mbsrev
Symbol: msvcrt___setusermatherr
Symbol: cryptui_LocalEnrollNoDS
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminPortEnum
Symbol: ntdll__wcsicmp
Symbol: anvioctl_GetSubSystemID
Symbol: NCTAudioFile2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetProxyExA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFileExistsW
Symbol: atl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iesetup_IEAccessSysInst
Symbol: msvcp60__FDnorm
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamRestart
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpDuplicatePdu
Symbol: kernel32_LZSeek
Symbol: kernel32_GetStartupInfoW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetRealSystemTime
Symbol: msvcrt20__lseek
Symbol: userenv_GetUserProfileDirectoryW
Symbol: scrrun_DoOpenPipeStream
Symbol: pdh_PdhBrowseCountersHW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupInstallICMProfiles
Symbol: msvcrt40_fscanf
Symbol: msvcrt40__kbhit
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFormatNumber
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDDB
Symbol: mscms_OpenColorProfileW
Symbol: netplwiz_ClearAutoLogon
Symbol: shell32_StrChrA
Symbol: esent97_JetGetCursorInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetLocalAddrArrayDirect
Symbol: opengl32_glVertexPointer
Symbol: opengl32_glFeedbackBuffer
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterQuorumResource
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsAbandonSearch
Symbol: adptif_FwBindFwInterfaceToAdapter
Symbol: crtdll_freopen
Symbol: crtdll__mbstok
Symbol: msvcrt__execle
Symbol: msvcrt__atodbl
Symbol: user32_EnumThreadWindows
Symbol: authz_AuthziModifyAuditEventType
Symbol: ntdll__fltused
Symbol: ntdll___iscsym
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREoid2DotVal
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDotVal2Eoid
Symbol: gdi32_StartDocW
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFilePaletteEntries
Symbol: WININET_InternetSecurityProtocolToStringA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaMidStmtBstr
Symbol: expsrv_PutMem4
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlApplySchemeW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrIsIntlEqualA
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_EnumCallback
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueCopyIndirectW
Symbol: paqsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt20__ftime
Symbol: wiadss_FindNextImportDS
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMEnumTaskWOWEx
Symbol: tapi32_linePrepareAddToConferenceW
Symbol: rastapi_SetCommSettings
Symbol: msvbvm50__CIsin
Symbol: diskcopy_DiskCopyRunDll
Symbol: crtdll__unlink
Symbol: msvcrt__CItanh
Symbol: msvcrt__CIasin
Symbol: user32_IsIconic
Symbol: usbmon_DllMain
Symbol: ntdll_RtlxUnicodeStringToOemSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlxOemStringToUnicodeSize
Symbol: esent_JetCreateInstance2
Symbol: msdart_RegQueryInfoKeyI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enumerate_EnumeratorsA
Symbol: schannel_QueryContextAttributesW
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGCLookupSids
Symbol: wintrust_mscat32DllRegisterServer
Symbol: sxs_SxsProbeAssemblyInstallation
Symbol: netapi32_NetLogonGetTimeServiceParentDomain
Symbol: secur32_SecGetLocaleSpecificEncryptionRules
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOidNCmp
Symbol: srclient_SRUpdateDSSize
Symbol: winmm_mmioRead
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrCreateProcess
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumSymbols
Symbol: oleaut32_OACreateTypeLib2
Symbol: msvcrt20__tclen
Symbol: msvcrt20__close
Symbol: msvcrt20__cgets
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIsin
Symbol: wow32_CopyDropFilesFrom32
Symbol: nvcpl_ExportOEMDefaults
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysBool
Symbol: utildll_StrConnectState
Symbol: setupdll_GetTypeOfDrive
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvIsObjectAccessible
Symbol: msvcrt40__lseek
Symbol: msvbvm60__CIsin
Symbol: msscp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ipxsap_DllMain
Symbol: glmf32_glsULong
Symbol: wuapi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll_tmpfile
Symbol: crtdll__assert
Symbol: msvcrt__filbuf
Symbol: srvsvc_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: wsock32_connect
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetIoCompletion
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrContextHandleInitialize
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingArrayBufferSize
Symbol: mapi32_GetOutlookVersion
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHQueryInfoKeyA
Symbol: els_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: macrovsn_MacroVisionSet
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasQueueEvent
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_extended_operation_sW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sasl_bind_sA
Symbol: advapi32_GetTrusteeTypeW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptDestroyKey
Symbol: comctl32_DrawStatusTextA
Symbol: kernel32_MulDiv
Symbol: kernel32_CreateConsoleScreenBuffer
Symbol: localspl_SplOpenPrinter
Symbol: msv1_0_LsaApCallPackagePassthrough
Symbol: msvcrt20__mkdir
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvDevicePropertySheets
Symbol: msvcrt40__ftime
Symbol: msvcp50__FDtest
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordGetStringW
Symbol: msi_MsiGetMode
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsModifyRecordsInSet_UTF8
Symbol: d3dim_Direct3D_HALCleanUp
Symbol: crtdll__strinc
Symbol: crtdll__setjmp
Symbol: crtdll__mbsspn
Symbol: msvcrt_bsearch
Symbol: msvcrt__CIcosh
Symbol: user32_EndPaint
Symbol: powrprof_GetCurrentPowerPolicies
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSignMessage
Symbol: ntdll_iswalpha
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateProcessEx
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLError
Symbol: gdi32_GetLayout
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcCancelThreadEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcNsBindingSetEntryName
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATStoreFromHandle
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATHandleFromStore
Symbol: WININET_HttpEndRequestA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGosubReturn
Symbol: expsrv__CIatan
Symbol: NCTAudioEditor2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcp60__FDtest
Symbol: url_NewsProtocolHandler
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymPrev64
Symbol: kernel32_QueryDepthSList
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCmp
Symbol: oleaut32_VarMod
Symbol: usrv42a_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20__cwait
Symbol: wow32_CopyDropFilesFrom16
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupOpenDirectConnection
Symbol: olepro32_OleIconToCursor
Symbol: npptools_RemoveFromBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40__close
Symbol: msvcrt40__cgets
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIsin
Symbol: msvbvm50__CIexp
Symbol: msls31_LsCompressSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordSetStreamW
Symbol: kerberos_KerbKdcCallBack
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumub
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetProperty
Symbol: crtdll_wcsncat
Symbol: msvcrt__mbscat
Symbol: user32_GetWinStationInfo
Symbol: user32_DisplayExitWindowsWarnings
Symbol: ntdll__aullshr
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTSW
Symbol: ntdll_DbgPrint
Symbol: netui1_MNetApiBufferFree
Symbol: gdi32_InvertRgn
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingArrayUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv_PutMem8
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_CreateMultiImagePalette
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSSendMessageW
Symbol: msvcrt20_rename
Symbol: msvcrt20_malloc
Symbol: msvcrt20__sleep
Symbol: msvcrt20__isnan
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIexp
Symbol: nview_PMDelete
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetAllProperties
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: npptools_SetDwordInBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40__mkdir
Symbol: msvbvm60__CIexp
Symbol: mpg4dmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumbv
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetServerBindingInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glCopyTexImage1D
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateIndexMakerFileSink
Symbol: acledit_SedDiscretionaryAclEditor
Symbol: crtdll__spawnl
Symbol: msvcrt____lc_handle_func
Symbol: user32_FillRect
Symbol: idq_GetExtensionVersion
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgGetParam
Symbol: ntdll_RtlExitUserThread
Symbol: ntdll_CsrCaptureTimeout
Symbol: rtutils_CreateWaitTimer
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingServerFromClient
Symbol: comsvcs_GetTrkSvrObject
Symbol: version_VerInstallFileW
Symbol: URLMON_PrivateCoInstall
Symbol: wuweb_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathMakePrettyW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsSameRootW
Symbol: advapi32_SetTraceCallback
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymNext64
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryInfVersionInformationW
Symbol: usrv80a_DllMain
Symbol: nview_PMCreate
Symbol: nvmctray_NvMCUpdateStartSettings
Symbol: security_EncryptMessage
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseRouteInfo
Symbol: rshx32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: perfctrs_CloseDhcpPerformanceData
Symbol: msvfw32_ICClose
Symbol: msvcrt40__cwait
Symbol: msvcp50__Getcvt
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideAssemblyW
Symbol: msi_MsiSetFeatureStateW
Symbol: esent97_JetSeek
Symbol: opengl32_glCopyTexImage2D
Symbol: crtdll_swscanf
Symbol: crtdll__wcsdup
Symbol: crtdll__CIsqrt
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsinc
Symbol: msvcrt__fdopen
Symbol: msvcrt__ctime64
Symbol: msvcrt__c_exit
Symbol: user32_ScrollDC
Symbol: ntdll___eFLDL2E
Symbol: msdart_RegQueryValueExI
Symbol: rtutils_CreateWaitEvent
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIDsNotifiedObjectChange
Symbol: clbcatq_UpdateFromComponentChange
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDeleteSetting
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrTextLike
Symbol: asustips_AsusTipsSubclassToolBar
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetServerEnum
Symbol: msutb_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcp60__Getcvt
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDiv
Symbol: msvcrt20__execv
Symbol: msvcrt20___pxcptinfoptrs
Symbol: webvw_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: tapiperf_CloseTapiPerformanceData
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminETCMapAdd
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetFirstMfeStats
Symbol: msvcrt40_rename
Symbol: msvcrt40_malloc
Symbol: msvcrt40__sleep
Symbol: msvcrt40__isnan
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIexp
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcBstrFromAnsi
Symbol: pautoenr_CertAutoRemove
Symbol: ils_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumdv
Symbol: glmf32_glsError
Symbol: shell32_SheRemoveQuotesW
Symbol: fmifs_FormatEx
Symbol: fmifs_DiskCopy
Symbol: faultrep_ReportFaultDWM
Symbol: crtdll_memmove
Symbol: crtdll__onexit
Symbol: crtdll__mbslwr
Symbol: msvcrt__getpid
Symbol: msvcrt__fileno
Symbol: user32_DrawIcon
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSConnectToAnyLsServer
Symbol: gdi32_MirrorRgn
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingToStringBindingW
Symbol: mpr_WNetPropertyDialogA
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRevokeServer
Symbol: SHDOCVW_IEWriteErrorLog
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHQueryValueExA
Symbol: msnsspc_AcquireCredentialsHandleA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_simple_bindA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymRegisterFunctionEntryCallback64
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassRegistryPropertyW
Symbol: userenv_RefreshPolicyEx
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccessEnum
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphUnregisterEvent
Symbol: npptools_setKeyAndValue
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcBstrFromAnsi
Symbol: msi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glu32_gluSphere
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumSubnetElementsV4DS
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_GetLocalIpAddressArray
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetLastFailedUpdateInfo
Symbol: crtdll_wcscoll
Symbol: crtdll_putchar
Symbol: crtdll_longjmp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbccpy
Symbol: msvcrt__getcwd
Symbol: msvcrt__chkesp
Symbol: msvcrt__CIsinh
Symbol: user32_WinHelpA
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSRetrieveTermServCert
Symbol: crypt32_CryptProtectData
Symbol: wsock32_getprotobynumber
Symbol: ntdll_RtlStringFromGUID
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGUIDFromString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqAuthClientExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransDatagramAllocate2
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcNsInterfaceUnexported
Symbol: samsrv_SampSetSerialNumberDomain2
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98WatermarkNSR
Symbol: ComTruSurroundXT_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetNumDevs
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiChangeRegistryScope
Symbol: advapi32_LsaAddPrivilegesToAccount
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_HW_Prof_Flags_ExW
Symbol: msvcrt20_memchr
Symbol: msvcrt20_fclose
Symbol: msvcrt20__cexit
Symbol: msctf_TF_InvalidAssemblyListCache
Symbol: nvcpl_NvGetFullScreenVideoMirroringEnabled
Symbol: tapi32_lineDeallocateCall
Symbol: setupdll_GetWindowsPath
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetStmtAttrW
Symbol: msvcrt40__execv
Symbol: msvcrt40___pxcptinfoptrs
Symbol: msvcp50__LDtest
Symbol: msi_MsiAdvertiseScriptW
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFEnumAttributesWithCDFTag
Symbol: msapsspc_QueryContextAttributesA
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumfv
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetDatabaseID
Symbol: crtdll_fgetpos
Symbol: crtdll__wcsset
Symbol: crtdll__mbsupr
Symbol: msvcrt_getchar
Symbol: msvcrt__mbschr
Symbol: msvcrt__ftime64
Symbol: msvcrt__finite
Symbol: cscdll_CSCDoLocalRenameA
Symbol: ntdll_iswspace
Symbol: ntdll_NtResetWriteWatch
Symbol: msdart_UMSEnterCSWraper
Symbol: gdi32_SetPixelV
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantArrayMarshall
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetSecurityRegValue
Symbol: WININET_InternetTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: NCTAudioPlayer2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: NCTAudioVisualization2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: imm32_ImmUnregisterWordW
Symbol: msvcp60__LDtest
Symbol: netlogon_DsrGetDcNameEx2
Symbol: HAL_HalAllocateCrashDumpRegisters
Symbol: oleaut32_VarImp
Symbol: msvcrt20__rmdir
Symbol: spoolss_GetShrinkedSize
Symbol: sisbkup_SisRestoredLink
Symbol: npptools_NmAddUsedEntry
Symbol: mapistub_PRProviderInit
Symbol: shell32_SHGetSpecialFolderLocation
Symbol: qdv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: atkctrs_CollectAtkPerformanceData
Symbol: wmi_TraceEvent
Symbol: crtdll_isalnum
Symbol: crtdll_fprintf
Symbol: crtdll__wcsrev
Symbol: msvcrt__expand
Symbol: msvcrt__execve
Symbol: user32_MenuItemFromPoint
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEnumOIDInfo
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitAnsiString
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetPathCompare
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCreateDynamicRedirect
Symbol: mtxclu_DllMain
Symbol: catsrvut_COMPlusUninstallActionW
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__AsyncStringTrace
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetPosition
Symbol: winsta_WinStationSetInformationW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFix
Symbol: msvcrt20_sscanf
Symbol: msvcrt20_signal
Symbol: nview_NViewGetDDIStatus
Symbol: w32topl_ToplSetAllocator
Symbol: msvcrt40_memchr
Symbol: msvcrt40_fclose
Symbol: msvcrt40__cexit
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCreateObject2
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseGenerateTransformA
Symbol: ieakeng_GetBaseFileNameW
Symbol: glu32_gluLookAt
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumui
Symbol: shell32_DAD_ShowDragImage
Symbol: blackbox_IBlackBox_CreateInstance2
Symbol: crtdll__mbsstr
Symbol: msvcrt__wchdir
Symbol: msvcrt__mbslen
Symbol: msvcrt__execlp
Symbol: user32_OpenIcon
Symbol: user32_LockWindowStation
Symbol: ntdll__stricmp
Symbol: ntdll__strcmpi
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetSerialNumberPolicy2
Symbol: ole32_PropSysAllocString
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCharValueBstr
Symbol: netapi32_NetpParmsSetUserProperty
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsManagerSendSiteInfo
Symbol: kernel32_LZInit
Symbol: kernel32_EnumLanguageGroupLocalesA
Symbol: kernel32_DefineDosDeviceA
Symbol: msvcrt20_memcmp
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrinterDataW
Symbol: msvcrt40__rmdir
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCVErrFromVar
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumiv
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterQuorumResource
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Minimize
Symbol: crtdll_wcsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt__wchmod
Symbol: msvcrt__mbscmp
Symbol: msvcrt__getwch
Symbol: msvcrt__flsbuf
Symbol: user32_GetAppCompatFlags2
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetCRLContextProperty
Symbol: crypt32_CertCompareCertificateName
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeleteBootEntry
Symbol: ntdll_RestoreEm87Context
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessGetInfo
Symbol: esent_JetOSSnapshotThaw
Symbol: rpcrt4_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: comsvcs_ComSvcsLogError
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRightCharBstr
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_PreTVSet
Symbol: vssapi_VssFreeSnapshotProperties
Symbol: HAL_IoFreeAdapterChannel
Symbol: setupapi_SetupLogErrorA
Symbol: msvcrt20_fgetwc
Symbol: msvcrt20__umask
Symbol: msvcrt20___p___mb_cur_max
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysFont
Symbol: msvcrt40_sscanf
Symbol: msvcrt40_signal
Symbol: msvcp50__FRteps
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCVErrFromVar
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetSchedConnectionName
Symbol: duser_DUserRegisterStub
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddCER
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Minimize
Symbol: crtdll_wcsrchr
Symbol: crtdll_wcspbrk
Symbol: msxml_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt_realloc
Symbol: msvcrt_isalpha
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCaptureContext
Symbol: esent_JetGetLS
Symbol: ole32_StgConvertVariantToProperty
Symbol: ole32_StgConvertPropertyToVariant
Symbol: msvcp60__FRteps
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonCloseChangeLog
Symbol: winmm_mmioSeek
Symbol: kernel32_CancelDeviceWakeupRequest
Symbol: oleaut32_VarSub
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumAutodialAddressesA
Symbol: usrvpa_DllMain
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_SetValueEx
Symbol: msvcrt20__popen
Symbol: msvcrt20__fstat
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIpow
Symbol: sqlwoa__tfopen
Symbol: serialui_drvGetDefaultCommConfigA
Symbol: ntsdexts_hleak
Symbol: msvcrt40_memcmp
Symbol: wmpui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumul
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Minimize
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Maximize
Symbol: crtdll_ungetwc
Symbol: crtdll__isatty
Symbol: msvcrt__telli64
Symbol: user32_SetWindowsHookExA
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetCTLContextProperty
Symbol: ntdll_iswdigit
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCheckpointRegistryW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetDayOfMonth
Symbol: bootvid_VidSetTextColor
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegOpenUSKeyW
Symbol: mtxex_MTSCreateActivity
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ProcessPaletteChangeMsg
Symbol: winmm_timeGetSystemTime
Symbol: oleaut32_VarInt
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Request_Device_EjectW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: msvcrt20_wscanf
Symbol: msvcrt20__tccpy
Symbol: nview_PMLoadEx
Symbol: encdec_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: sti_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: spoolss_FindClosePrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: msvcrt40_fgetwc
Symbol: msvcrt40__umask
Symbol: msvcrt40___p___mb_cur_max
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLeftTrimBstr
Symbol: msi_MsiSetMode
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordSetStringW
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrStrToOid
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrOidToStr
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetProxyArpEntryToStack
Symbol: ip6fwapi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackReconnect
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumlv
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSubnetAddRangeOrExcl
Symbol: adptif_FwStart
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Maximize
Symbol: crtdll__spawnv
Symbol: msvcrt__wcmdln
Symbol: ntdll_isxdigit
Symbol: ntdll___eFLDLN2
Symbol: ntdll_NtLockRegistryKey
Symbol: gdi32_SetLayout
Symbol: ole32_StgCreateDocfileOnILockBytes
Symbol: mtxoci_obindps
Symbol: ws2help_WahOpenApcHelper
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFormatPercent
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetDefaultCharset
Symbol: msxml2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: scecli_SceEnforceSecurityPolicyPropagation
Symbol: winsta_WinStationShadow
Symbol: comdlg32_GetSaveFileNameA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarEqv
Symbol: msvcrt20_gmtime
Symbol: msvcrt20__utime
Symbol: msvcrt20__putch
Symbol: nview_NView_NVCSConvert
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexCreate
Symbol: tapi32_lineProxyResponse
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyVideoType
Symbol: msvcrt40__popen
Symbol: msvcrt40__fstat
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIpow
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLeftTrimBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcBstrFromByte
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRgb
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRightTrimVar
Symbol: msls31_LsSetDoc
Symbol: ipxsap_RegisterProtocol
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2LengthSq
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Maximize
Symbol: crtdll_strncat
Symbol: crtdll_setvbuf
Symbol: crtdll_iscntrl
Symbol: msvcrt__wcreat
Symbol: msvcrt__pclose
Symbol: msvcrt__chsize
Symbol: msvcrt___wargv
Symbol: user32_GetFocus
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetLowEventPair
Symbol: clbcatq_GetCatalogObject
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluInitialize
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvSetRestartDisplayMode
Symbol: MSOEACCT_CreateAccountsFromFileEx
Symbol: asustips_SetShadowColor
Symbol: msxml3_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetChangedValueFloat
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDestroyThread
Symbol: kernel32_GetCalendarInfoA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateJobObjectA
Symbol: kernel32_AddConsoleAliasA
Symbol: usrcntra_SetCountryCode
Symbol: msvcrt20__ultoa
Symbol: msvcrt20__sopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__ctype
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysSize
Symbol: ir50_qc_AllocInstanceData
Symbol: untfs_ChkdskEx
Symbol: ir41_qc_AllocInstanceData
Symbol: t2embed_TTGetNewFontName
Symbol: rsmps_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIPromptUserW
Symbol: netcfgx_HrDiAddComponentToINetCfg
Symbol: msvcrt40_wscanf
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcBstrFromByte
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRgb
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRightTrimVar
Symbol: mp4sdmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kerberos_KerbMakeKdcCall
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAClose
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetServerBindingInfo
Symbol: cmutil_CmAtolW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3LengthSq
Symbol: wmi_OpenTraceW
Symbol: syssetup_SystemUpdateUserProfileDirectory
Symbol: msvcrt_asctime
Symbol: schedsvc_SysPrepRestore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetIoCompletion
Symbol: rtutils_TraceVprintfExA
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatQueryInformationRedirectHandle
Symbol: gdi32_GdiIsPlayMetafileDC
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_Connect
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegEnumUSKeyW
Symbol: msnsspc_VerifySignature
Symbol: query_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_FindFirstFreeAce
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetOverlayImage
Symbol: kernel32_CreateNamedPipeA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarMul
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_GetBlockedDriverInfo
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcscat
Symbol: msvcrt20__errno
Symbol: nview_nViewCmd
Symbol: nwprovau_InitializePrintProvidor
Symbol: msvcrt40_gmtime
Symbol: msvcrt40__utime
Symbol: msvcrt40__putch
Symbol: ixsso_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpLosslessCreate
Symbol: esent97_JetInit
Symbol: duser_DUserRegisterGuts
Symbol: docprop2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4LengthSq
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Subtract
Symbol: apphelp_SdbCloseDatabase
Symbol: crtdll_wcscspn
Symbol: crtdll__wcslwr
Symbol: crtdll__strdup
Symbol: crtdll__putenv
Symbol: crtdll__CIatan2
Symbol: msvcrt__wexecl
Symbol: user32_GetPropA
Symbol: ntdll_NtModifyBootEntry
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecCharStringNoAlloc
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtInqServerPrincNameA
Symbol: mtxoci_MTxOciGetVersion
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllGetDTCProxy
Symbol: wldap32_LdapUnicodeToUTF8
Symbol: wldap32_LdapUTF8ToUnicode
Symbol: comdlg32_GetOpenFileNameA
Symbol: kernel32_LZCopy
Symbol: kernel32_AllocateUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: msvcrt20_ungetc
Symbol: nview_NVOpenNViewRegKey
Symbol: usp10_ScriptString_pSize
Symbol: spoolss_UndoAlignRpcPtr
Symbol: msvcrt40__ultoa
Symbol: msvcrt40__sopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__ctype
Symbol: msvcp50__LRteps
Symbol: glmf32___glsParser_create
Symbol: dmband_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsValidateName_A
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Subtract
Symbol: msvcrt_isspace
Symbol: msvcrt_fwscanf
Symbol: msvcrt__wctime
Symbol: msvcrt__commit
Symbol: wmp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crypt32_CollectCertPerformanceData
Symbol: ntdll_NtPlugPlayControl
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Parent_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CreateDecoder
Symbol: samsrv_SamIDsCreateObjectInDomain
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsClusterPresentExA
Symbol: expsrv_TipUnloadProject
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerGetVolume
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlIsA
Symbol: msvcp60__LRteps
Symbol: kernel32_InitializeCriticalSection
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetClassRegistryPropertyW
Symbol: msvcrt20_mktime
Symbol: msvcrt20__msize
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcIfIdVectorFree
Symbol: oleacc_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nwprovau_NwValidateUser
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcscat
Symbol: msvcrt40__errno
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarFromError
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDir
Symbol: mmutilse_srand
Symbol: iassam_IASParmsQueryUserProperty
Symbol: esent97_JetDetachDatabase
Symbol: dsprop_PostADsPropSheet
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddCRL
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Subtract
Symbol: crtdll_strcoll
Symbol: crtdll__wcsupr
Symbol: msvcrt__futime
Symbol: user32_CopyIcon
Symbol: powrprof_WriteProcessorPwrScheme
Symbol: cscdll_CSCGetSpaceUsageA
Symbol: rtutils_UpdateWaitTimer
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetNbAndDnsDomainNames
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcGetAuthorizationContextForClient
Symbol: rpcrt4_MIDL_wchar_strlen
Symbol: samsrv_SamrQueryInformationGroup
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluListNodesA
Symbol: avwav_WavClose
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ScaleImageFast
Symbol: kernel32_GetExpandedNameA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarNot
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_HW_Prof_Flags_ExW
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiInitialize
Symbol: msvcrt20_fflush
Symbol: msvcrt20__wopen
Symbol: nvcpl_NvSetFullScreenVideoMirroringEnabled
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphListen
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeregisterEntity
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetExpandSzValue
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindLongProperty
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetStmtAttrW
Symbol: nwprovau_LsaApLogonUser
Symbol: msvcrt40_ungetc
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarFromError
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDir
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumus
Symbol: esent97_JetMove
Symbol: crtdll_fsetpos
Symbol: crtdll__strset
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsdup
Symbol: msvcrt__fsopen
Symbol: msvcrt__execvp
Symbol: ntdll__tolower
Symbol: msdart_GetIUMS
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerInitializePartial
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluSetSecurityRegValue
Symbol: wintrust_mssip32DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetEnumPerSiteCookieDecisionA
Symbol: WININET_CreateMD5SSOHash
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLowerCaseBstr
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIAllocateBuffer
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetProxyExW
Symbol: wuaueng1_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleExtractCreateWndData
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_ext_s
Symbol: advapi32_ElfReadEventLogA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInfoA
Symbol: msvcrt20_setbuf
Symbol: msvcrt20_rewind
Symbol: msvcrt20_getenv
Symbol: msvcrt20__getws
Symbol: nview_HKRemove
Symbol: rasctrs_CollectRasPerformanceData
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLTablePrivilegesW
Symbol: ntlanui2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wzcsvc_WZCTrayIconReady
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpCApiCleanup
Symbol: msvcrt40_mktime
Symbol: msvcrt40__msize
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDOpen
Symbol: icaapi_IcaMemoryAllocate
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumsv
Symbol: shell32_StrChrW
Symbol: esent97_JetTerm
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddCTL
Symbol: crtdll_islower
Symbol: crtdll__strrev
Symbol: msvcrt__unlock
Symbol: msvcrt__ui64toa
Symbol: msvcrt__fstat64
Symbol: srrstr_SRGetCplPropPage
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAllocateAndInitializeSid
Symbol: netui1_MxMapClientBuffer
Symbol: rtutils_RegisterWaitEventsTimers
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaConsistencyCheck
Symbol: WININET_InternetSecurityProtocolToStringW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetRelatedSection
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrIsIntlEqualW
Symbol: xolehlp_DtcGetTransactionManagerC
Symbol: secur32_QuerySecurityContextToken
Symbol: sens_SensNotifyRasEvent
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcschr
Symbol: msvcrt20__write
Symbol: nview_NVRunControlPanel
Symbol: utildll_StrProcessState
Symbol: syncui_Briefcase_CreateA
Symbol: spoolss_SplInitializeWinSpoolDrv
Symbol: security_QueryContextAttributesA
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleGetAllRights
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpCrackUrl
Symbol: msvcrt40_fflush
Symbol: msvcrt40__wopen
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLog
Symbol: ipxrip_RegisterProtocol
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackTerminate
Symbol: shell32_SHOpenFolderAndSelectItems
Symbol: crtdll_sprintf
Symbol: crtdll_ispunct
Symbol: msvcrt__cgetws
Symbol: wmsdmoe2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crypt32_CertControlStore
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enumerate_EnumeratorsW
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetImageHeight
Symbol: msvcrt20_memset
Symbol: msvcrt20_memcpy
Symbol: xactsrv_XsI_NetPathType
Symbol: tapi32_phoneConfigDialogA
Symbol: spoolss_SetPrinterDataW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetPropertyTable
Symbol: msvcrt40_setbuf
Symbol: msvcrt40_rewind
Symbol: msvcrt40_getenv
Symbol: msvcrt40__getws
Symbol: msvcp50_wcrtomb
Symbol: msvcp50_mbrtowc
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLog
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcAtn
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcTan
Symbol: esent97_JetOpenTempTable2
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteClass
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontAvailableA
Symbol: apphelp_SdbCreateMsiTransformFile
Symbol: crtdll_wcsncpy
Symbol: crtdll_strncmp
Symbol: msvcrt_isdigit
Symbol: msvcrt__wmkdir
Symbol: msvcrt__utime64
Symbol: msvcrt__mktemp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsset
Symbol: msvcrt__mbscpy
Symbol: user32_UnhookWindowsHook
Symbol: crypt32_CertSetCRLContextProperty
Symbol: ntdll__toupper
Symbol: ntdll___eFPREM1
Symbol: ntdll_ZwResetWriteWatch
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNtSetValueKey
Symbol: netui1_MNetAccessSetInfo
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterDetailsA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncBeginBlk
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFixedArrayFree
Symbol: expsrv_rtcUpperCaseBstr
Symbol: expsrv_rtcAnsiValueBstr
Symbol: lz32_CopyLZFile
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHQueryInfoKeyW
Symbol: msvcp60_wcrtomb
Symbol: msvcp60_mbrtowc
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetNumDevs
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_sasl_bind_sW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_ext_s
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_extA
Symbol: comctl32_DrawStatusTextW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Status_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20_wctomb
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcslen
Symbol: msvcrt20_mbtowc
Symbol: msvcrt20__lrotl
Symbol: odbcjt32_ConfigDialogProc
Symbol: odbcconf_CloseProcessDisplayNames
Symbol: ntmarta_AccRewriteGetHandleRights
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcschr
Symbol: msvcrt40__write
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcAtn
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcTan
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryFLineEmpty
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseIsTablePersistentA
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpAlloc
Symbol: ieakeng_EncodeSignatureA
Symbol: esent97_JetOpenTempTable3
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpCreateClass
Symbol: dbghelp_ImageDirectoryEntryToData
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddSPC
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpFreeFileAttributes
Symbol: crtdll_strrchr
Symbol: crtdll_strpbrk
Symbol: crtdll_isupper
Symbol: msvcrt_isgraph
Symbol: msvcrt__wfopen
Symbol: msvcrt__tzname
Symbol: msvcrt__stati64
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsrev
Symbol: user32_PtInRect
Symbol: user32_CopyRect
Symbol: powrprof_EnumPwrSchemes
Symbol: crypt32_RegQueryInfoKeyU
Symbol: esent_JetSetLS
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcIfIdVectorFree
Symbol: WININET_HttpEndRequestW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcBeep
Symbol: psapi_GetMappedFileNameA
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetLastError
Symbol: advapi32_WmiDevInstToInstanceNameA
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction010
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction001
Symbol: advapi32_LsaGetSystemAccessAccount
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumerateAccountRights
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrUnlockProcess
Symbol: oleaut32_VarPow
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileEndRecord
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcscmp
Symbol: msvcrt20_tmpnam
Symbol: xactsrv_XsSetParameters
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUseGetInfo
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetSessionDel
Symbol: wlnotify_SensLogonEvent
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphDestroy
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminFileClose
Symbol: serialui_drvSetDefaultCommConfigA
Symbol: odbcconf_GetProgramFilesDirectory
Symbol: msvcrt40_memset
Symbol: msvcrt40_memcpy
Symbol: msvcrt40__outpd
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCos
Symbol: wmvdmoe2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: jet500_JetGetCurrentIndex
Symbol: jet500_JetDelete
Symbol: digest_EnumerateSecurityPackagesA
Symbol: adsldpc_UnMarshallLDAPToLDAPSynID
Symbol: crtdll_vprintf
Symbol: crtdll_isprint
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcl0
Symbol: syssetup_SetupGetKeyboardOptions
Symbol: msvcrt_freopen
Symbol: msvcrt__mbstok
Symbol: user32_IsZoomed
Symbol: crypt32_CryptQueryObject
Symbol: crypt32_CertSetCTLContextProperty
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnumerateGenericTableAvl
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCutoverTimeToSystemTime
Symbol: colbact_GetDefaultPartitionForSid
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorGetNumberOfRecords
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorAddRecord
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAsyncAbortCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAbortAsyncCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClientContextUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv__allmul
Symbol: mscoree_CorMarkThreadInThreadPool
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrAttachDataFromBodyPart
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlIsNoHistoryA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_rename_ext_s
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction020
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction011
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction002
Symbol: advapi32_SaferCreateLevel
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrConnectToUser
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_PropertyA
Symbol: msvcrt20_remove
Symbol: msvcrt20__osver
Symbol: msvcrt20__cputs
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dDlgFramePaint
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetEntityMethods
Symbol: msvcrt40_wctomb
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcslen
Symbol: msvcrt40_mbtowc
Symbol: msvcrt40__lrotl
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCos
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSubnetDelRangeOrExcl
Symbol: dciman32_DCICreateOverlay
Symbol: crtdll_wprintf
Symbol: crtdll_wcsxfrm
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcl1
Symbol: msvcrt__unlink
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyDetachedMessageSignature
Symbol: crypt32_CertUnregisterSystemStore
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatDetailsA
Symbol: gdi32_CreateFontIndirectA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerRegisterAuthInfoA
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreateFromFile
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSetDefaultCharset
Symbol: query_InitializeCIPerformanceData
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_result2error
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction030
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction021
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction012
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction003
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToAccessA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertAccessToSecurityDescriptorA
Symbol: msvcrt20_atexit
Symbol: msvcrt20__rmtmp
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrAddA
Symbol: perfctrs_CloseNWNBPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcscmp
Symbol: msvcrt40_tmpnam
Symbol: msvcp50_wctrans
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemCall
Symbol: loghours_ConnectionScheduleDialog
Symbol: shell32_StrStrA
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAddRecordSet_A
Symbol: opengl32_glMap1d
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGetHeaderObject
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcl2
Symbol: msvcrt_tmpfile
Symbol: msvcrt__wexecv
Symbol: msvcrt__assert
Symbol: user32_SetFocus
Symbol: user32_MonitorFromWindow
Symbol: powrprof_WritePwrScheme
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindFirstFileA
Symbol: ntdll_wcstombs
Symbol: ntdll_mbstowcs
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindLastBackwardRunClear
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditNotifyPackageLoad
Symbol: gdi32_EngReleaseSemaphore
Symbol: gdi32_EngAssociateSurface
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssSecurityLabelDecodeEx
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_send_documents
Symbol: sxs_SxsProtectionUserLogoffEvent
Symbol: msvcp60_wctrans
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction040
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction031
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction022
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction013
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction004
Symbol: advapi32_SaferGetPolicyInformation
Symbol: advapi32_LsaICLookupNamesWithCreds
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Create
Symbol: kernel32_VerLanguageNameA
Symbol: kernel32_SetCalendarInfoA
Symbol: kernel32_GetModuleHandleA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarXor
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Log_Conf_Priority
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Child_Ex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Delete_Range
Symbol: msvcrt20_fgetws
Symbol: msvcrt20_ferror
Symbol: msvcrt40_remove
Symbol: msvcrt40__osver
Symbol: msvcrt40__cputs
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemCall
Symbol: jet500_JetBackup
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrSetInfoBlockInInterfaceInfo
Symbol: glu32_gluGetTessProperty
Symbol: dssec_DSCreateISecurityInfoObject
Symbol: encapi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_Reg_ReadGlobalsEx
Symbol: dciman32_DCICreatePrimary
Symbol: opengl32_glMap2d
Symbol: cfgbkend_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: autodisc_AutoDiscoverAndOpenEmail
Symbol: adptif_FwDeleteInterface
Symbol: crtdll_tolower
Symbol: msvcrt__setjmp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsspn
Symbol: user32_SetTimer
Symbol: user32_RegisterDeviceNotificationA
Symbol: user32_IsWindowInDestroy
Symbol: srrstr_DllMain
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNtStatusToDosErrorNoTeb
Symbol: netrap_RapStructureSize
Symbol: netui1_MNetApiBufferSize
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetFunctions
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CreateEncoder
Symbol: mpr_WNetPropertyDialogW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHQueryValueExW
Symbol: msnsspc_AcquireCredentialsHandleW
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxVirtualChannelSecurity
Symbol: winsta_WinStationWaitSystemEvent
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_simple_bindW
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction041
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction032
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction023
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction014
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction005
Symbol: advapi32_LsaClearAuditLog
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetSelectedDevice
Symbol: msvcrt20_strcat
Symbol: msvcrt20_fwrite
Symbol: nview_PMSaveEx
Symbol: traffic_TcOpenInterfaceA
Symbol: swprv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: spoolss_ClusterSplClose
Symbol: msvcrt40_atexit
Symbol: msvcrt40__rmtmp
Symbol: mmutilse__wtoi
Symbol: opengl32_glMap1f
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapValueFreeLen
Symbol: adptif_FwCreateInterface
Symbol: crtdll_strcspn
Symbol: crtdll__strlwr
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsncat
Symbol: user32_WinHelpW
Symbol: user32_SetPropA
Symbol: user32_CreateDialogParamA
Symbol: crypt32_RegQueryValueExU
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLockRegistryKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtPrivilegeObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverDetailsA
Symbol: winscard_SCardReleaseStartedEvent
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesDecodeBufferHandleCreate
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxWinStationReInitialize
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction033
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction024
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction015
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction006
Symbol: advapi32_MD4Init
Symbol: advapi32_LsaCreateAccount
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalDeleteAtom
Symbol: msvcrt20__wstat
Symbol: msvcrt20__lrotr
Symbol: nview_PMGetVer
Symbol: wmv8dmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rasser_PortGetPortState
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetData
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetDiagFieldW
Symbol: msvcrt40_fgetws
Symbol: msvcrt40_ferror
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSin
Symbol: msapsspc_QueryContextAttributesW
Symbol: ftsrch_OpenBiDiTabDialog
Symbol: esent97_JetCreateDatabase
Symbol: opengl32_glMap2f
Symbol: msvcrt__wrmdir
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnl
Symbol: msvcrt__pctype
Symbol: cscdll_CSCDoLocalRenameW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetLowEventPair
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevQPurge
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLLoadDataSourcesListBox
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetConfigMode
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubCleanup
Symbol: MSOERT2_RicheditStreamIn
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerSetVolume
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateIndexer
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction034
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction025
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction016
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction007
Symbol: advapi32_QueryRecoveryAgentsOnEncryptedFile
Symbol: advapi32_MD5Init
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileValidData
Symbol: VBAME_PaintLineCoreBiVBA
Symbol: msvcrt20_printf
Symbol: msvcrt20__hypot
Symbol: ir50_qcx_FreeInstanceData
Symbol: ir41_qcx_FreeInstanceData
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetConnectOption
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLBindCol
Symbol: msvcrt40_strcat
Symbol: msvcrt40_fwrite
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSin
Symbol: shell32_PrintersGetCommand_RunDLLA
Symbol: esent97_JetAttachDatabase
Symbol: dsprop_DSPROP_GetGCSearchOnDomain
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDFreeLdapURL
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIOpenDSObject
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsExecuteSearch
Symbol: crtdll_toupper
Symbol: crtdll__strupr
Symbol: msvcrt_swscanf
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsdup
Symbol: msvcrt__CIsqrt
Symbol: user32_SetCursorContents
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptUninstallAsn1Module
Symbol: mswsock_StopWsdpService
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaICallPackagePassthrough
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetSimpleTypeBufferSize
Symbol: expsrv_rtcHexVarFromVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFailedFriend
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleObjectFromMoniker
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetNameCompare
Symbol: secur32_EnumerateSecurityPackagesA
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction035
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction026
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction017
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction008
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorDacl
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcstod
Symbol: traffic_TcCloseInterface
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: nwprovau_NPEnumResource
Symbol: ntsdexts_gatom
Symbol: msvcrt40__wstat
Symbol: msvcrt40__lrotr
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseGenerateTransformW
Symbol: licdll_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iasrad_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dbghelp_SymMatchFileName
Symbol: datime_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddPFX
Symbol: apphelp_SdbOpenApphelpInformation
Symbol: nddenb32_ConfigureDlgProc
Symbol: syssetup_AsrFreeContext
Symbol: msvcrt_memmove
Symbol: msvcrt__onexit
Symbol: msvcrt__mbslwr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwModifyBootEntry
Symbol: netui1_MNetErrorLogClear
Symbol: msdart_SetIUMS
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLParamOptions
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLForeignKeysW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Run_Detection
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingArrayMemorySize
Symbol: rpcrt4_MIDL_wchar_strcpy
Symbol: expsrv_rtcByteValueBstr
Symbol: expsrv_rtcOctVarFromVar
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_CLASS_QueryInterface
Symbol: ddraw_CompleteCreateSysmemSurface
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandInfAndOutlookExpress
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmSetCiceroStartInThread
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction036
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction027
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction018
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction009
Symbol: advapi32_GetSidIdentifierAuthority
Symbol: kernel32_GetTempFileNameA
Symbol: kernel32_EnumLanguageGroupLocalesW
Symbol: kernel32_DefineDosDeviceW
Symbol: nvnt4cpl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: untfs_FormatEx
Symbol: sqlunirl__ttof
Symbol: raschap_RasEapInvokeInteractiveUI
Symbol: occache_FindControlClose
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCreateObject
Symbol: msvcrt40_printf
Symbol: msvcrt40__hypot
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIRR
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSLN
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcExp
Symbol: iasads_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll_wcstoul
Symbol: msvcrt_wcscoll
Symbol: msvcrt_putchar
Symbol: msvcrt_longjmp
Symbol: ntdll_iswctype
Symbol: ntdll_ZwPlugPlayControl
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncExtensionBitClear
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdCallLd
Symbol: expsrv_EbDestroyContext
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetBodyElement
Symbol: NCTAudioGrabber2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNMMDVDROMOpenDevice
Symbol: regapi_RegDefaultUserConfigQueryA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_control_free
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction028
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction019
Symbol: kernel32_GetCPFileNameFromRegistry
Symbol: kernel32_CreateSemaphoreA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupLogErrorW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_SizeA
Symbol: msvcrt20_strchr
Symbol: msrating_RatingAccessDeniedDialog2
Symbol: synceng_DestroyTwinList
Symbol: perfctrs_OpenTcpIpPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcstod
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIRR
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSLN
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcExp
Symbol: iaspolcy_IASAttributeUnicodeAlloc
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCCreateObject
Symbol: msvcrt_fgetpos
Symbol: msvcrt__wpopen
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsset
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsupr
Symbol: netui0_UserPreferenceSet
Symbol: esent_JetUpgradeDatabase
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Setup_DevNode
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterTagEnumA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcIfInqTransferSyntaxes
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreateFromClip
Symbol: imeshare_PIMEShareCreate
Symbol: psapi_GetModuleBaseNameA
Symbol: advapi32_SystemFunction029
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileSectionA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumAutodialAddressesW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Res_Des
Symbol: wshatm_WSHEnumProtocols
Symbol: nview_PMEnumEx
Symbol: winstrm_s_open
Symbol: serialui_drvGetDefaultCommConfigW
Symbol: sdpblb_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetDwordProperty
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLBindParameter
Symbol: mssign32_PvkGetCryptProv
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpClose
Symbol: comcat_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGUIDFromCodecID
Symbol: apcups_UPSInit
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetMoCompBuffInfo
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadBinaryTag
Symbol: crtdll_strncpy
Symbol: msvcrt_isalnum
Symbol: msvcrt_fprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsrev
Symbol: msvcrt__pgmptr
Symbol: user32_SetWindowsHookExW
Symbol: user32_IsWindow
Symbol: gdi32_GetFontLanguageInfo
Symbol: expsrv_rtBoolFromErrVar
Symbol: URLMON_Extract
Symbol: MSOERT2_FreeTempFileList
Symbol: adsldp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: webcheck_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiRecordEventLogEntry
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiRegisterCoDeviceInstallers
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: msvcrt20_strlen
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminVolumeAdd
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupDeleteA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColumnPrivileges
Symbol: ntsdexts_locks
Symbol: ntmarta_AccRewriteSetHandleRights
Symbol: wzcsapi_CreateEapcfgNode
Symbol: msvcrt40_strchr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSYD
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetUiInputHook
Symbol: dataclen_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: cmdial32_RasCustomDialDlg
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCanCreateD3DBuffer
Symbol: msvcrt__wutime
Symbol: msvcrt__winver
Symbol: msvcrt__putwch
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsstr
Symbol: linkinfo_CompareLinkInfoReferents
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSplay
Symbol: gdi32_EngAcquireSemaphore
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetSystemAccessAccount
Symbol: comdlg32_GetSaveFileNameW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleInputWaitHandle
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcscpy
Symbol: msvcrt20_strcmp
Symbol: msvcrt20_fputwc
Symbol: msvcrt20__tzset
Symbol: drmclien_CreatePMLicense
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSYD
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcPMT
Symbol: kbdca_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSClose
Symbol: jet500_JetSetCurrentIndex
Symbol: jet500_JetRetrieveColumns
Symbol: jet500_JetExternalRestore
Symbol: iphlpapi_IcmpCloseHandle
Symbol: dciman32_DCICloseProvider
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMCreateColorRGB
Symbol: atmlib_ATMSelectEncoding
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventStartup
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt__wsopen
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifySubjectCertificateContext
Symbol: ntdll_vsprintf
Symbol: ntdll_iswlower
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatTagEnumA
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssSecurityLabelEncodeEx
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetElementImpl
Symbol: netapi32_NetApiBufferFree
Symbol: bitsprx2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonGetIpAddresses
Symbol: advapi32_WmiMofEnumerateResourcesA
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCommandHistoryA
Symbol: kernel32_GetCalendarInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateJobObjectW
Symbol: kernel32_ConnectNamedPipe
Symbol: kernel32_AddConsoleAliasW
Symbol: rasman_RasIsIpSecEnabled
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetActualSectionToInstallA
Symbol: msvcrt20_perror
Symbol: msvcrt20__ultow
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxMovePrevious
Symbol: nview_NViewNexusSetting
Symbol: winstrm_getmsg
Symbol: uxtheme_DrawThemeParentBackground
Symbol: sigtab_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shgina_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupdll_SetupChangeServiceConfig
Symbol: pdh_PdhiPlaFormatBlanksA
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIAddVerbMenuA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLProcedureColumns
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLBindParameter
Symbol: odbcconf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt40_strlen
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcPMT
Symbol: msi_MsiGetActiveDatabase
Symbol: kbdda_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: jgaw400_jgawDeviceCallback
Symbol: iphlpapi_FlushIpNetTableFromStack
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackIoControl
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSubnetAddReservation
Symbol: crtdll_strxfrm
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt_wcspbrk
Symbol: msvcrt__wstat64
Symbol: ntdll_swprintf
Symbol: esent_JetGetDatabaseInfo
Symbol: DBnetlib_InitSSPIPackage
Symbol: rtutils_TraceVprintfExW
Symbol: gdi32_CreateBrushIndirect
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcObjectSetInqFn
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetAutodialA
Symbol: bitsprx3_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: comaddin_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: url_AutodialHookCallback
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSecurityDescriptorToSecurityDescriptorA
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToStringSecurityDescriptorA
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadHugeReadPtr
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateNamedPipeW
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcstok
Symbol: nview_NViewThrowSetting
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilVerifyPrivatePropertyList
Symbol: pdh_PdhSelectDataSourceA
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcscpy
Symbol: msvcrt40_strcmp
Symbol: msvcrt40_fputwc
Symbol: msvcrt40__tzset
Symbol: dmdlgs_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dpvacm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: camocx_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt_ungetwc
Symbol: msvcrt__isatty
Symbol: user32_GetPropW
Symbol: ntdll_NtCancelDeviceWakeupRequest
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUshortByteSwap
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatLookupAndQueryInformationSessionMapping
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSkipNormallySmallExtension
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaINotifyNetlogonParametersChangeW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtInqServerPrincNameW
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateFromDataEx
Symbol: ole32_HGLOBAL_UserMarshal
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_ULONG_ARRAY
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigSystemFromPathA
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigClient
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleRegisterClassObjects
Symbol: credui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: advapi32_SaferSetPolicyInformation
Symbol: comdlg32_GetOpenFileNameW
Symbol: kernel32_OpenFileMappingA
Symbol: kernel32_IsDBCSLeadByteEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetNamedPipeInfo
Symbol: kernel32_GetLongPathNameA
Symbol: localspl_SplConfigChange
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileWriteData
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcstol
Symbol: wow32_WOWYield16
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetDescFieldW
Symbol: ntmarta_AccRewriteSetEntriesInAcl
Symbol: msvcrt40_perror
Symbol: msvcrt40__ultow
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcNPV
Symbol: kbdbe_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetIpAddrTableFromStack
Symbol: iasnap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsValidateName_W
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnv
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindCertificateInStore
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetTypeInfoW
Symbol: gdi32_DescribePixelFormat
Symbol: clbcatq_CheckMemoryGates
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreePasswordCredentials
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsClusterPresentExW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRate
Symbol: expsrv__CIsqrt
Symbol: safrdm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cdm_DownloadUpdatedFiles
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlIsW
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_CreateDVDRegionControlEx
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_WriteImageFile
Symbol: wldap32_ber_first_element
Symbol: HAL_KeAcquireSpinLockRaiseToSynch
Symbol: samlib_SamEnumerateGroupsInDomain
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetSelectedDevice
Symbol: WshRm_WSHIoctl
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMIsModuleLoaded
Symbol: routetab_SetAddrChangeNotifyEvent
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupDestroyMonitorInfo
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCreateObjectWithProps
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcstok
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcNPV
Symbol: CEWMDM_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: jet500_JetUpdate
Symbol: shell32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: panmap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCrackUserDNtoNTLMUser
Symbol: msvcrt_strncat
Symbol: msvcrt_setvbuf
Symbol: msvcrt_iscntrl
Symbol: cscdll_CSCGetSpaceUsageW
Symbol: ntdll___eFIADD32
Symbol: ole32_CreateObjrefMoniker
Symbol: mtxoci_MTxolog
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluListNodesW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRightTrimBstr
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_ext_s
Symbol: kernel32_GetExpandedNameW
Symbol: kernel32_DeactivateActCtx
Symbol: rasman_RasEnableRasAudio
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsspn
Symbol: ncxpnt_GetDefaultDialupConnection
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcstol
Symbol: msvbvm50_VarPtr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSqr
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPCreateIndirectData
Symbol: kbdfc_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iassam_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crypt32_CertFreeCertificateContext
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLSetConfigMode
Symbol: DBnetlib_TermSSPIPackage
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcRaiseException
Symbol: rpcrt4_GlobalMutexRequestExternal
Symbol: advpack_LaunchINFSection
Symbol: WININET_InternetEnumPerSiteCookieDecisionW
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_CopyDIBToImage
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_CopyImageToDIB
Symbol: winmm_NotifyCallbackData
Symbol: advapi32_SetEntriesInAclA
Symbol: advapi32_ElfReadEventLogW
Symbol: advapi32_ElfOpenEventLogA
Symbol: kernel32_GetFullPathNameA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInfoW
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateThreadMgr
Symbol: wshisn_WSHEnumProtocols
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressCaps
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetConnectOption
Symbol: odbcconf_CloseAppRegEnum
Symbol: objsel_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiEventSourceDisconnect
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastApiCleanup
Symbol: msvbvm60_VarPtr
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSqr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemStAd
Symbol: ieakeng_SaveStartSearchA
Symbol: shell32_ILCreateFromPathA
Symbol: duser_RegisterGadgetMessageString
Symbol: duser_FindGadgetMessages
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsDeleteClass
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDeleteClassDS
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAllocateRecord
Symbol: apphelp_SdbTagRefToTagID
Symbol: apphelp_SdbTagIDToTagRef
Symbol: wmi_GetTraceLoggerHandle
Symbol: msvcrt_wcscspn
Symbol: msvcrt__wcslwr
Symbol: msvcrt__ui64tow
Symbol: msvcrt__strdup
Symbol: msvcrt__putenv
Symbol: msvcrt__CIatan2
Symbol: user32_AnyPopup
Symbol: ntdll___eFIADD16
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationDebugObject
Symbol: netrap_RapAsciiToDecimal
Symbol: h323msp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_UpdateUrlCacheContentPath
Symbol: URLMON_RegisterBindStatusCallback
Symbol: mscoree_LogHelp_TerminateOnAssert
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetPathCompare
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityDescriptorDacl
Symbol: rasman_RasBundleClearStatisticsEx
Symbol: msvcrt20_strtod
Symbol: wiashext_IMGetFullPathNameFromIDL
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleMaxUnavailable
Symbol: syncui_Briefcase_CreateW
Symbol: security_QueryContextAttributesW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLBindParameter
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsspn
Symbol: msvcrt40__outpw
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemStAd
Symbol: iphlpapi_DeleteIPAddress
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsCreateClass
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpCreateClassDS
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpModifyClass
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenP10
Symbol: linkinfo_CreateLinkInfoA
Symbol: ntdll_towlower
Symbol: ntdll_ZwPrivilegeObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_NtAllocateUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserModalsGet
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaICallPackageEx
Symbol: gdi32_EnableEUDC
Symbol: expsrv_rtcJoin
Symbol: sxs_SxsInstallAssemblyW
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Depth_Ex
Symbol: nvcpl_setvsync
Symbol: tapi32_phoneConfigDialogW
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetCallQualityOfService
Symbol: tapi32_lineGenerateDigits
Symbol: tapi32_lineBlindTransferA
Symbol: kbdic_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: ieakeng_BrowseForFolderA
Symbol: glmf32___glsString_assign
Symbol: dfrgui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFontAvailableW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionBaryCentric
Symbol: crtdll_strtoul
Symbol: msvcrt_strcoll
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsupr
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySystemTime
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreatePagingFile
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionClose
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterDetailsW
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateLinkToFile
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateFromFileEx
Symbol: comuid_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: expsrv_rtcBstrFromError
Symbol: safrcdlg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kbdhe_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_extW
Symbol: HAL_IoReadPartitionTable
Symbol: advapi32_ElfCloseEventLog
Symbol: KBDAL_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_ReleaseSemaphore
Symbol: msvcrt20__putws
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetRowStatus
Symbol: nview_NVIsTaskbarControlAvailable
Symbol: nview_NVZoomWindowState
Symbol: sqlwid_wstrlen
Symbol: shsvcs_CreateHardwareEventMoniker
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupEnumMembers
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLConnect
Symbol: msvcrt40_strtod
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaExitEachVar
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseIsTablePersistentW
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideQualifiedComponentA
Symbol: localsec_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kbdla_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: ieakeng_EncodeSignatureW
Symbol: icaapi_IcaTrace
Symbol: shell32_ShellExec_RunDLLA
Symbol: dmintf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: opengl32_GlmfInitPlayback
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookEnumNumbersWithRegionsZero
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetValuesLen
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetNextPageS
Symbol: msvcrt_fsetpos
Symbol: msvcrt__strset
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAP_UPN_SUFFIXES
Symbol: clbcatex_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_RemoveRefreshRate
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vDD4DISPDisableDD
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawCreateEx
Symbol: psapi_GetMappedFileNameW
Symbol: HAL_HalMakeBeep
Symbol: advapi32_WmiDevInstToInstanceNameW
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorSacl
Symbol: kernel32_QueryInformationJobObject
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileGetStream
Symbol: usrcntra_LoadCountrySpecificTable
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrinterKeyW
Symbol: serialui_drvSetDefaultCommConfigW
Symbol: scrobj_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLFreeEnv
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvRevokeAccessRights
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaExitEachVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipInvokeMethod2
Symbol: msihnd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iassdo_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_SHDefExtractIconA
Symbol: dxmasf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: digest_EnumerateSecurityPackagesW
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNetInterfaceKey
Symbol: msvcrt_islower
Symbol: msvcrt__strrev
Symbol: msvcrt__cputws
Symbol: user32_QueryUserCounters
Symbol: ntdll_towupper
Symbol: ntdll_NtNotifyChangeDirectoryFile
Symbol: netui1_MFreeMem
Symbol: gdi32_GdiAddFontResourceW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaObjSetAddref
Symbol: URLMON_IsLoggingEnabledA
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vDD4DISPDisableDD
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlIsNoHistoryW
Symbol: dsquery_OpenQueryWindow
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstFileExA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamRelease
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_PropertyW
Symbol: d3dramp_g_RampOld_BeadTbl
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dSubclassDlgEx
Symbol: sccbase_CPReleaseContext
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetInfo
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLEndTran
Symbol: msvcrt40__putws
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipInvokeMethod2
Symbol: kbdfi_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpSetUiInputHook
Symbol: inseng_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_RealShellExecuteA
Symbol: duser_FireGadgetMessages
Symbol: dmloader_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: certcli_CADeleteCertType
Symbol: msvcrt_sprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_ispunct
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPCreateIndirectData
Symbol: netui1_MNetServerGetInfo
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatDetailsW
Symbol: winscard_g_rgSCardRawPci
Symbol: gdi32_EnumFontFamiliesExA
Symbol: gdi32_CreateFontIndirectW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerRegisterAuthInfoW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexStructBufferSize
Symbol: racpldlg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: avtapi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupAdd
Symbol: netapi32_NetEnumerateComputerNames
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonSendToSamOnPdc
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToAccessW
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertAccessToSecurityDescriptorW
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageGetCertificateHeader
Symbol: kernel32_GetLogicalDrives
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Unregister_Device_Interface_ExA
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_RegisterNotification
Symbol: msvcrt20_system
Symbol: msvcrt20_strcpy
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAppSpecific
Symbol: setupdll_ShutdownSystem
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrAddW
Symbol: netshell_NetSetupAddRasConnection
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaExitEachAry
Symbol: mindex_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: licwmi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_StrStrW
Symbol: shell32_SHAddToRecentDocs
Symbol: dmusic_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAddRecordSet_W
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumClasses
Symbol: certcli_CACreateCertType
Symbol: devmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: loadperf_InstallPerfDllA
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsncpy
Symbol: msvcrt_strncmp
Symbol: linkinfo_GetLinkInfoData
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindFirstFileW
Symbol: cscdll_CSCTransitionServerOnlineA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateBootStatusDataFile
Symbol: rtcdll_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerMarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerContextUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv_rtcNPer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFileCloseAll
Symbol: HAL_HalFlushCommonBuffer
Symbol: kernel32_VerLanguageNameW
Symbol: kernel32_SetLastConsoleEventActive
Symbol: kernel32_SetCalendarInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_GetModuleHandleW
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsstr
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectItemsHA
Symbol: occache_DllMain
Symbol: ntsdexts_error
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaExitEachAry
Symbol: msconf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetAnimation
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSubnetDelReservation
Symbol: diactfrm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetFirstChild
Symbol: msvcrt_strrchr
Symbol: msvcrt_strpbrk
Symbol: msvcrt_isupper
Symbol: user32_RegisterDeviceNotificationW
Symbol: wsock32_GetAddressByNameA
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTablePrivileges
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSkipNormallySmall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexStructUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv_rtBstrFromErrVar
Symbol: olecli32_PbLoadFromStream
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetAutodialA
Symbol: ntlanman_NPAddConnection
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNAppDialog
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_EndPrinterPage
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_start_tls_sA
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterIdleTask
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_DrawEx
Symbol: kernel32_CreateDirectoryA
Symbol: rasman_RasGetDeviceNameW
Symbol: msvcrt20_strtok
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQEnum
Symbol: traffic_TcOpenInterfaceW
Symbol: setupdll_GetAnsiCodepage
Symbol: perfdisk_CloseDiskObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLPrepare
Symbol: occache_FindFirstControl
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCQueryContext
Symbol: MSRDO20_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpEnumClasses
Symbol: msvcrt40_system
Symbol: msvcrt40_strcpy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNextEachVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeObjList
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetAdapterIndex
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetModuleBase
Symbol: msvcrt_vprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_isprint
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcl0
Symbol: user32_SetPropW
Symbol: user32_CreateDialogParamW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnhandledExceptionFilter
Symbol: netui1_FreeArgv
Symbol: itircl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSpecialColumnsA
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverDetailsW
Symbol: ole32_HBITMAP_UserMarshal
Symbol: ole32_CoRevokeClassObject
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarStrFromVar
Symbol: mscoree_GetRequestedRuntimeVersionForCLSID
Symbol: anvioctl_DuplicateDefaultRegistry
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQueryAllDataA
Symbol: kernel32_EnumUILanguagesA
Symbol: rasman_RasGetBandwidthUtilization
Symbol: msvcrt20_strtol
Symbol: setupdll_AppendBackSlash
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetDescFieldW
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsstr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNextEachVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeObjList
Symbol: kbdne_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalDeleteIpNetEntry
Symbol: msvcrt_wprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsxfrm
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcl1
Symbol: authz_AuthziInitializeAuditParamsFromArray
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiRemoteBreakin
Symbol: odbcbcp_LibMain
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhReleaseBuffer
Symbol: MSOERT2_ChConvertFromHex
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupUpdateSecurityFile
Symbol: wnaspi32_SendASPI32Command
Symbol: samlib_SamLookupDomainInSamServer
Symbol: msvcrt20_fputws
Symbol: wiascr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: sendmail_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupEnumRecords
Symbol: msvcrt40_strtok
Symbol: kbdbr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalCreateIpNetEntry
Symbol: icaapi_IcaClose
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCaptureFlags
Symbol: shell32_PrintersGetCommand_RunDLLW
Symbol: d3d8_ValidateVertexShader
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionClose
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSearchPath
Symbol: opengl32_wglGetLayerPaletteEntries
Symbol: apcups_UPSStop
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapControlsFree
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadStringTag
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcl2
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerAdd
Symbol: winscard_SCardListCardsA
Symbol: winscard_SCardDisconnect
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperOpenKnownStores
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetPropertySchema
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerSetServiceBits
Symbol: secur32_EnumerateSecurityPackagesW
Symbol: advapi32_GetFileSecurityA
Symbol: advapi32_DuplicateTokenEx
Symbol: advapi32_CredReadDomainCredentialsA
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Remove
Symbol: kbdcr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_DebugSetProcessKillOnExit
Symbol: EqnClass_CoInstallDevice
Symbol: msvcrt20_strspn
Symbol: wiadefui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_lineUncompleteCall
Symbol: spnike_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLTablesW
Symbol: ntmsapi_CreateNtmsMediaA
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCommitObject
Symbol: ncxpnt_SetDefaultDialupConnection
Symbol: msvcrt40_strtol
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNextEachAry
Symbol: kbdfo_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateShellItem
Symbol: dswave_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cmcfg32_CMConfig
Symbol: certcli_CAFindByIssuerDN
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionToAxisAngle
Symbol: msvcrt_tolower
Symbol: user32_CreateIconIndirect
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCancelDeviceWakeupRequest
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetConnectAttrA
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaModifyA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrStubInitialize
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetConnectedState
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMIRR
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIPMT
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInputCountVar
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAssertFailed
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetDefaultIMEWnd
Symbol: vdmredir_VrReadNamedPipe
Symbol: advapi32_LsaICLookupNames
Symbol: kernel32_GetTempFileNameW
Symbol: oleaut32_GetRecordInfoFromTypeInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddToDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeFilename
Symbol: rasppp_StopPPP
Symbol: rasppp_PppStop
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLPutData
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLExecute
Symbol: odbcji32_LibMain
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsObjectInformationA
Symbol: msvcrt40_fputws
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNextEachAry
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK_QueryInterface
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargParmRef
Symbol: mciavi32_KeyboardHookProc
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIGetAddress
Symbol: psisdecd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: fontsub_MergeFontPackage
Symbol: dbghelp_dbghelp
Symbol: msvcrt_strcspn
Symbol: msvcrt__strlwr
Symbol: user32_GetDoubleClickTime
Symbol: cscdll_CheckCSC
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CMP_Report_LogOn
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncNormallySmallBits
Symbol: ole32_HkOleRegisterObject
Symbol: wintrust_HTTPSFinalProv
Symbol: expsrv___vbaExitEachColl
Symbol: MSOEACCT_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrGetAttachIcon
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleAddTermFunc
Symbol: regapi_RegDefaultUserConfigQueryW
Symbol: kbdbu_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_escape_filter_elementA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_count_values
Symbol: advapi32_IsValidSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: comctl32_InitializeFlatSB
Symbol: kernel32_FlushFileBuffers
Symbol: kernel32_CreateSemaphoreW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Move_DevNode
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_SizeW
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsAutodialEnabled
Symbol: msvcrt40_strspn
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK_QueryInterface
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargParmRef
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseOpenViewA
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSSound
Symbol: fmifs_FormatEx2
Symbol: certcli_CAFreeCAProperty
Symbol: iuengine_PingIUEngineUpdateStatus
Symbol: d3dim700_SurfaceFlipNotify
Symbol: user32_CheckMenuRadioItem
Symbol: winsrv__UserSoundSentry
Symbol: activeds_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToSecDes
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetLengthWithoutLastFullDosOrNtPathElement
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserModalsSet
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterTagEnumW
Symbol: catsrvut_SysprepComplus
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdCallSt
Symbol: olecli32_OleObjectConvert
Symbol: anvioctl_LCDCTL_OverScan
Symbol: imeshare_FItalicIMEStyle
Symbol: psapi_GetModuleBaseNameW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_result
Symbol: kernel32_GetPrivateProfileSectionW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumDateFormatsA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassImageList
Symbol: sccbase_CPAcquireContext
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiUnlockObject
Symbol: kbdfr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbdes_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: dispex_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: d3dim_D3DRealloc
Symbol: certcli_CAFindByCertType
Symbol: acledit_SedTakeOwnership
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdAlphaBlt
Symbol: dsound_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msctfp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt_toupper
Symbol: msvcrt__strupr
Symbol: schedsvc_SysPrepCallback
Symbol: esent_JetRetrieveTaggedColumnList
Symbol: ODBC32_ValidateErrorQueue
Symbol: ole32_CLIPFORMAT_UserFree
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheEntryExA
Symbol: MSHTML_com_ms_osp_ospmrshl_toJava
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLDescribeParam
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQueryTrustedDomainInfo
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQueryInfoTrustedDomain
Symbol: advapi32_LsaOpenPolicySce
Symbol: kernel32_GetHandleContext
Symbol: kernel32_GetComputerNameA
Symbol: smlogcfg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupDeleteW
Symbol: wmpasf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kbdsf_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbdgr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetAdaptersInfo
Symbol: glmf32_glsNullCommandFunc
Symbol: shell32_Shell_NotifyIconA
Symbol: shell32_SHAddFromPropSheetExtArray
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CloseHostFile
Symbol: dciman32_DCIDraw
Symbol: adsldpc_GetDefaultServer
Symbol: user32_UserLpkPSMTextOut
Symbol: aclui_CreateSecurityPage
Symbol: ntdll___eFSCALE
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationDebugObject
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLPrimaryKeysW
Symbol: rpcrt4_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: MSOERT2_PSTCreateTypeSubType_NoUI
Symbol: atl_AtlFreeMarshalStream
Symbol: mstime_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nlhtml_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: regapi_RegDenyTSConnectionsPolicy
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityDescriptorSacl
Symbol: advapi32_I_ScGetCurrentGroupStateW
Symbol: kernel32_QueryPerformanceFrequency
Symbol: kernel32_GetDllDirectoryA
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventStartup
Symbol: setupdll_WhiteSpaceCheck
Symbol: setupdll_LegacyInfRemoveInfSymbol
Symbol: sccbase_CPHashSessionKey
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMem1
Symbol: kbdsg_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbddv_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: mydocs_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt_wcstoul
Symbol: activeds_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAllocateUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatTagEnumW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarAddPrivilegesToAccount
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_IUnknown_Release_Proxy
Symbol: mtxclu_Startup
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperCertFindIssuerCertificate
Symbol: mscoree_LoadLibraryWithPolicyShim
Symbol: MSOERT2_BrowseForFolderW
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandMe
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetIMCCLockCount
Symbol: winmm_WOW32ResolveMultiMediaHandle
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpContextToStr
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpStrToContext
Symbol: advapi32_WmiMofEnumerateResourcesW
Symbol: advapi32_CredIsMarshaledCredentialA
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumberFormatA
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCommandHistoryW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetActualSectionToInstallW
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dSubclassCtlEx
Symbol: uniplat_UnimodemDeviceIoControlEx
Symbol: sendcmsg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rtm_RtmIsRoute
Symbol: raschap_RasEapFreeMemory
Symbol: pdh_PdhiPlaFormatBlanksW
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIAddVerbMenuW
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMem1
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMem2
Symbol: msls31_LsdnSetAbsBaseLine
Symbol: kbdir_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: dpnmodem_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: deskperf_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: oleprn_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msimtf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxFrameHandler
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindSubjectInSortedCTL
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySystemTime
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreatePagingFile
Symbol: netui1_MNetServerSetInfo
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLConfigDriverW
Symbol: gdi32_GetObjectA
Symbol: gdi32_ColorCorrectPalette
Symbol: version_VerLanguageNameA
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreateRangeList
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetAutodialW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCompactPathA
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupDel
Symbol: mmcndmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: vdmredir_VrConvertLocalNtPipeName
Symbol: kbdpl_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSecurityDescriptorToSecurityDescriptorW
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertSecurityDescriptorToStringSecurityDescriptorW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasW
Symbol: rasman_RasGetDevConfigEx
Symbol: encdec_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetSegmentInfo
Symbol: traffic_TcRegisterClient
Symbol: pdh_PdhSelectDataSourceW
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIUpdateLinksA
Symbol: netshell_HrLaunchNetworkOptionalComponents
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMem2
Symbol: filemgmt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsDhcpSrvRegisterHostName
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumMScopes
Symbol: dfrgsnap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: csseqchk_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt_strncpy
Symbol: user32_IsDlgButtonChecked
Symbol: pstorsvc_Start
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetStmtAttrW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1charstring_cmp
Symbol: expsrv_rtcPPMT
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigSystemFromPathW
Symbol: msxml2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonSetServiceBits
Symbol: psapi_GetPerformanceInfo
Symbol: kbdhu_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbdcz_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_OpenFileMappingW
Symbol: kernel32_GetLongPathNameW
Symbol: dplayx_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rasman_RasConnectionGetStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt20_strstr
Symbol: wshcon_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nview_NVIsValidTaskbarStretchMode
Symbol: utildll_HaveAnonymousUsersChanged
Symbol: setupdll_EnablePrivilege
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenProcessInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMem4
Symbol: kbdno_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbdit_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetArpEntTableFromStack
Symbol: faultrep_CreateMinidumpA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwNotifyChangeDirectoryFile
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiStopDebugging
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLCancel
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtStopServerListening
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetSimpleTypeMemorySize
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCanonicalizeA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpwNameCompare
Symbol: netapi32_NetApiBufferSize
Symbol: mstask_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msxml3_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_SetWaitableTimer
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleTitleA
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcRemoteRasDeleteEntry
Symbol: winstrm_putmsg
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigProvider
Symbol: rcbdyctl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: odbcjt32_DefTxtFmtDlgProc
Symbol: ntmsapi_EnableNtmsObject
Symbol: msvfw32_ICImageDecompress
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMem4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFPException
Symbol: mimefilt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSSendServerCertificate
Symbol: ntdll___eFICOM32
Symbol: catsrv_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrTypeUnmarshall
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetStatusCallback
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserSetNetlogonState
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetResourceInformation
Symbol: kbdsl_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_ProcessIdleTasks
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemLanguageGroupsA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarUdateFromDate
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromUdate
Symbol: usrcoina_CoDeviceInstall
Symbol: wiavideo_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: unimdmat_UmGenerateDigit
Symbol: traffic_TcQueryInterface
Symbol: tapi32_phoneInitializeExA
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetServerConfig
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetLessSpecificDestination
Symbol: rsvpperf_CloseRsvpPerformanceData
Symbol: oleacc_ObjectFromLresult
Symbol: oleacc_LresultFromObject
Symbol: msvcrt40_strstr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFPException
Symbol: langwrbk_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kbdpo_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: shell32_SHGetNewLinkInfoA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpModifyClassDS
Symbol: dinput_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: certcli_CAUpdateCertType
Symbol: capesnpn_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: adsldpc_AdsTypeToLdapTypeCopyTime
Symbol: msvcrt_strxfrm
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateAtomTable
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionOpenW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1bitstring_free
Symbol: gdi32_GetBitmapAttributes
Symbol: txflog_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ole32_OleRegEnumFormatEtc
Symbol: ole32_CoImpersonateClient
Symbol: advpack_DelNode
Symbol: mscoree_GetHashFromFileW
Symbol: MSHTML_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imm32_ImmTranslateMessage
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetImeMenuItemsA
Symbol: cdmodem_CdClose
Symbol: kbdlt_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_SetEntriesInAclW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaQueryInformationPolicy
Symbol: advapi32_ElfOpenEventLogW
Symbol: kernel32_GetFullPathNameW
Symbol: kernel32_ExpandEnvironmentStringsA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizGetNCCFlags
Symbol: rasman_RasGetConnectInfo
Symbol: VBAME_VersionNumberBiVBA
Symbol: tapi32_lineDialA
Symbol: msxml2r_DllMain
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeVarList
Symbol: mswmdm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kbduk_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: ieakeng_SaveStartSearchW
Symbol: shell32_ILCreateFromPathW
Symbol: dmband_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dmdskmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dciman32_DCIEnum
Symbol: dbghelp_SymSetSearchPath
Symbol: opengl32_wglSetLayerPaletteEntries
Symbol: cdosys_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGetDataUnitInfo
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionRotationYawPitchRoll
Symbol: ntdll___eFICOM16
Symbol: esent_JetSetDatabaseSize
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionError
Symbol: odbcbcp_SQLLinkedServers
Symbol: clbcatq_GetCatalogObject2
Symbol: samsrv_SamIDsSetObjectInformation
Symbol: olesvr32_DeleteClientInfo
Symbol: olecli32_ErrObjectConvert
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetAccountSync
Symbol: wldap32_ber_free
Symbol: kbdro_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_SetFileSecurityA
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteTimerQueue
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dUnsubclassCtl
Symbol: spoolss_SendRecvBidiData
Symbol: sisbkup_SisCSFilesToBackupForLink
Symbol: oleacc_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: odbcjt32_LibMain
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiSetConnectionSecurity
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeVarList
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMem8
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRecDestruct
Symbol: glu32_gluOrtho2D
Symbol: shell32_WriteCabinetState
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionClose
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeExtensionsEx
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCountEntries
Symbol: acledit_DllMain
Symbol: apphelp_SdbQueryFlagInfo
Symbol: amstream_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: syssetup_MigrateExceptionPackages
Symbol: linkinfo_CreateLinkInfoW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptDisableLruOfEntries
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionWrite
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetConnectAttrA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecOpenType
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrProxyGetBuffer
Symbol: ole32_HICON_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: mscoree_CoUninitializeEE
Symbol: netapi32_NetErrorLogClear
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: kbdlv_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: winsta_WinStationNameFromLogonIdA
Symbol: winsta_LogonIdFromWinStationNameA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateTimerQueue
Symbol: rasman_RasSetRasdialInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDevPropertySheetsA
Symbol: tapi32_lineBlindTransferW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDrivers
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: ntsdexts_vprot
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsObjectInformationA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRecDestruct
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMem8
Symbol: msi_MsiPreviewBillboardA
Symbol: ieakeng_BrowseForFolderW
Symbol: duser_GetActionTimeslice
Symbol: dsauth_StoreDeleteObject
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgStartServices
Symbol: crtdll__heapchk
Symbol: user32_SetDoubleClickTime
Symbol: linkinfo_IsValidLinkInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFIDIV32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReleaseActivationContext
Symbol: gdi32_DrawEscape
Symbol: ole32_CoPushServiceDomain
Symbol: ole32_CoGetMarshalSizeMax
Symbol: ole32_CoGetInterceptorFromTypeInfo
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarIndexLoad
Symbol: MMCapWin_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mswebdvd_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleLoadTypeLib
Symbol: secur32_SecpTranslateName
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentThread
Symbol: localspl_SplDeletePrinterDriverEx
Symbol: pdh_PdhParseCounterPathA
Symbol: wmdmps_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msls31_LsGetTatenakayokoLsimethods
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideQualifiedComponentW
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureFeatureA
Symbol: kbdsp_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: iphlpapi_FlushIpNetTable
Symbol: shell32_ShellExec_RunDLLW
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateDirectory
Symbol: dsprop_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordListFree
Symbol: digest_FreeContextBuffer
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetModuleInfo
Symbol: autodisc_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: atmlib_ATMProperlyLoaded
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNewSecurityGrantedAccess
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualDomainName
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetDefaultLocale
Symbol: netui1_MNetErrorLogWrite
Symbol: ole32_CoGetDefaultContext
Symbol: mscoree_CallFunctionShim
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreatePropertySet
Symbol: INETCOMM_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: MSOERT2_IsDigit
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsAddStdRoot
Symbol: mcinsctl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kernel32_TransmitCommChar
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueDeleteSectionA
Symbol: rastls_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColumns
Symbol: wstdecod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_SHDefExtractIconW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumClassesDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetEnterpriseServers
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsEnumClasses
Symbol: dbghelp_SymUnloadModule64
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorAdjustSaturation
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetEntryFlags
Symbol: user32_GetDialogBaseUnits
Symbol: ntdll___eFIDIV16
Symbol: ntdll_LdrSetAppCompatDllRedirectionCallback
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSkipBits
Symbol: lsasrv_LsapCheckBootMode
Symbol: gdi32_GetEUDCTimeStampExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidHash
Symbol: URLMON_IsLoggingEnabledW
Symbol: olecli32_DibDraw
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLBindParameter
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_NewPrinterPage
Symbol: winmm_WOW32DriverCallback
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGetMachinePolicy
Symbol: advapi32_ImpersonateAnonymousToken
Symbol: kernel32_SetHandleContext
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileApisToOEM
Symbol: kernel32_SetComputerNameA
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadContext
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstFileExW
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_Size
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptReceive
Symbol: stobject_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: samlib_SamQueryDisplayInformation
Symbol: spoolss_AddDriverCatalog
Symbol: shsvcs_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupdll_CheckConfigType
Symbol: ntmsapi_EjectNtmsCleaner
Symbol: mshtmled_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ieakeng_MoveDownFavorite
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportFavoritesA
Symbol: iasrecst_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetStreamAttrib
Symbol: shell32_RealShellExecuteW
Symbol: devmgr_DevicePropertiesA
Symbol: iuengine_EngInstallAsync
Symbol: ntdll___eFPATAN
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOMP32
Symbol: esent_JetGetInstanceInfo
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallDriver
Symbol: winscard_SCardFreeMemory
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPlayEMF
Symbol: gdi32_EnumFontFamiliesExW
Symbol: msdtcuiu_TermDACInstance
Symbol: advpack_DllMain
Symbol: WININET_InternetReadFile
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK_AddRef
Symbol: URLMON_SetSoftwareUpdateAdvertisementState
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetPrivilege
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupUnwindSecurityFile
Symbol: sti_ci_InstallWiaService
Symbol: url_FileProtocolHandlerA
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_TerminateTwain
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryInfoKeyA
Symbol: advapi32_FreeSid
Symbol: kernel32_SetDllDirectoryA
Symbol: oleaut32_VARIANT_UserFree
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Unregister_Device_Interface_ExW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_DeleteAlarm
Symbol: syncui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netshell_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibGetPalette
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaMidStmtVarB
Symbol: esent97_JetTerm2
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerQueryAttribute
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumSubnets
Symbol: certcli_CAGetDN
Symbol: asycfilt_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: loadperf_InstallPerfDllW
Symbol: msvcrt_strtoul
Symbol: cscdll_CSCTransitionServerOnlineW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptDecodeObject
Symbol: gdi32_GetMapMode
Symbol: expsrv___vbaHresultCheck
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoOrganizeFavDlg
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_logon
Symbol: netapi32_NetSetPrimaryComputerName
Symbol: imm32_ImmEscapeA
Symbol: kbdur_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbdru_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_QueryUsersOnEncryptedFile
Symbol: kernel32_GetQueuedCompletionStatus
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_ExA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_CreateAlarm
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetDebugLevel
Symbol: pdh_PdhEnumObjectItemsHW
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpQueryDataAvailable
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolGetCustomAuthData
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaMidStmtVarB
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcR8ValFromBstr
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionOpenW
Symbol: cnetcfg_InetConfigSystem
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundCreate
Symbol: wsock32_GetAddressByNameW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeNormalizeProcessParams
Symbol: ntdll_NtReleaseSemaphore
Symbol: mswsock_NPLoadNameSpaces
Symbol: gdi32_CombineRgn
Symbol: ole32_CoCreateFreeThreadedMarshaler
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetAuditingInformation
Symbol: olecli32_BmClone
Symbol: AllNode_AllNode
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetAutodialW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathGetCharTypeA
Symbol: msnsspc_QuerySecurityPackageInfoA
Symbol: oakley_IKEQuerySpiChange
Symbol: winmm_DrvGetModuleHandle
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_start_tls_sW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGetKeyParam
Symbol: comctl32__TrackMouseEvent
Symbol: kernel32_CreateDirectoryW
Symbol: msctf_TF_InatExtractIcon
Symbol: scrrun_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcR8ValFromBstr
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_WriteQuestionToMessage
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsSetConfigDword
Symbol: dfsshlex_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionError
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNodeId
Symbol: wmpdxm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: adptif_IpxGetAdapterList
Symbol: webclnt_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: user32_GetClipboardViewer
Symbol: authz_AuthziInitializeAuditParams
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryInformationJobObject
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSpecialColumnsW
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetStmtAttrW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_IDA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsAddSidHistoryA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcRevertToSelfEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFullPointerQueryPointer
Symbol: kbdus_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: WININET_PrivacyGetZonePreferenceW
Symbol: URLMON_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoFileDownloadEx
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetPropA
Symbol: compatui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetConnection
Symbol: advapi32_WmiQueryAllDataW
Symbol: kernel32_IsProcessorFeaturePresent
Symbol: kernel32_EnumUILanguagesW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumTimeFormatsA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueRenameSectionA
Symbol: vss_ps_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: utildll_InitializeAnonymousUserCompareList
Symbol: traffic_TcEnumerateFlows
Symbol: rastapi_UnloadRastapiDll
Symbol: polstore_IPSecSetNFAData
Symbol: msvcp50__FDscale
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaBoolVarNull
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargVarMove
Symbol: mscms_CreateMultiProfileTransform
Symbol: fmifs_ComputeFmMediaType
Symbol: dmcompos_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msnetobj_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionClose
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionWrite
Symbol: clusapi_RemoveClusterResourceNode
Symbol: dpnhpast_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserWriteProfFlags
Symbol: ntdll___eFISUB32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSelfRelativeToAbsoluteSD
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnlargedUnsignedMultiply
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAbsoluteToSelfRelativeSD
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLWriteFileDSNW
Symbol: winipsec_AddTunnelFilter
Symbol: gdi32_RemoveFontResourceA
Symbol: WININET_UnlockUrlCacheEntryStream
Symbol: mpr_WNetDisconnectDialog
Symbol: olecli32_LeClone
Symbol: mscoree_RuntimeOpenImage
Symbol: dxmrtp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetpwPathCompare
Symbol: msvcp60__FDscale
Symbol: remotepg_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: secur32_FreeContextBuffer
Symbol: advapi32_InitiateSystemShutdownExA
Symbol: kernel32__lcreat
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleTitleA
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstVolumeA
Symbol: oleaut32_OleLoadPictureEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceRegistryPropertyA
Symbol: vfpodbc_LibMain
Symbol: uniplat_notifOpenChannel
Symbol: setupdll_GetLoadedEnvVar
Symbol: scardssp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpFallbackRefreshParams
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaBoolVarNull
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargVarMove
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPVerifyIndirectData
Symbol: kbdsw_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: ieakeng_DestroyADMWindow
Symbol: shell32_SheGetPathOffsetW
Symbol: encapi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: digest_InitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: clusapi_DeleteClusterResourceType
Symbol: crtdll__loaddll
Symbol: user32_PostThreadMessageA
Symbol: ntdll___eFLDENV
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOMP64
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateKeyedEvent
Symbol: netui1_MNetWkstaUserEnum
Symbol: winscard_SCardListCardsW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiComment
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcRequestMutex
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCheckTypeVar
Symbol: inetcfg_FreeSignupWizard
Symbol: msftedit_RichEditWndProc
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyTrustedDomain
Symbol: srclient_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tscfgwmi_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryValueExA
Symbol: advapi32_GetFileSecurityW
Symbol: advapi32_CredReadDomainCredentialsW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymUnloadModule
Symbol: rasman_RasGetEapUserInfo
Symbol: tapi32_MMCSetServerConfig
Symbol: softpub_OpenPersonalTrustDBDialog
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetMostSpecificDestination
Symbol: ntmsapi_CreateNtmsMediaW
Symbol: ntmsapi_AddNtmsMediaType
Symbol: wzcdlg_WZCOnBalloonClick
Symbol: mspmsp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mscpxl32_ConfigureDlgProc
Symbol: iaspolcy_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shell32_AppCompat_RunDLLW
Symbol: eventcls_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: clusapi_CreateClusterResourceType
Symbol: laprxy_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll__clearfp
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetOIDFunctionAddress
Symbol: activeds_ADsGetLastError
Symbol: ntdll___isascii
Symbol: ntdll___eFISUB16
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVR32
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserGetGroups
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupGetUsers
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetConnectAttrW
Symbol: schannel_AcquireCredentialsHandleA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncOpenType
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarGetSystemAccessAccount
Symbol: gdi32_SetBitmapAttributes
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaModifyW
Symbol: olecli32_MfClone
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleFreeMemory
Symbol: imm32_GetKeyboardLayoutCP
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetJPEGOptions
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetDevCapsA
Symbol: kernel32_RemoveDirectoryA
Symbol: kernel32_FindVolumeMountPointClose
Symbol: oleaut32_GetAltMonthNames
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAddToDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: msrating_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: drmclien_SetLicenseStore
Symbol: upnpui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rtm_MgmDeleteGroupMembershipEntry
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsObjectInformationW
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpDeRegisterParamChange
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextLike
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminPortReset
Symbol: mapistub_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ipsecsnp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportFavoritesA
Symbol: shell32_DragQueryFileAorW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumServers
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelTransferf
Symbol: opengl32_glBegin
Symbol: wmasf_ASFSetDataUnitInfo
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetStandardDatabaseGUID
Symbol: mprapi_MprDomainRegisterRasServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateUserSecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAce
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetTranslator
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_PRIVILEGE_ENUM_BUFFER
Symbol: ole32_CoSwitchCallContext
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetExtContentType
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetContentTypeExt
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigSystem
Symbol: netapi32_NetpLogonPutUnicodeString
Symbol: stclient_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: scecli_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_escape_filter_elementW
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalAllocLock16
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeAssociate
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringGetLogicalWidths
Symbol: resutils_ClusWorkerCheckTerminate
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenProcessList
Symbol: ntsdexts_DebugExtensionInitialize
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextLike
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargVarCopy
Symbol: msls31_LsModifyLineHeight
Symbol: msi_MsiDatabaseOpenViewW
Symbol: mcd32_MCDUpdateSubTexture
Symbol: msvidctl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: glmf32_glsEndObj
Symbol: diskcopy_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dmscript_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glTexParameterfv
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDGetProperty
Symbol: wmi_EnableTrace
Symbol: msvcrt___crtLCMapStringA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgCountersignEncoded
Symbol: ntdll___eFIMUL32
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAccessAllowedObjectAce
Symbol: gdi32_SetICMMode
Symbol: ole32_HMENU_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: olethk32_ThkMgrInitialize
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleParseRfc822AddressW
Symbol: cabinet_FDICopy
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserModalsGet
Symbol: imm32_ImmAssociateContext
Symbol: advapi32_OpenProcessToken
Symbol: kernel32_EnumDateFormatsW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Key_Name_ExA
Symbol: wshext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvLogInstallIniFile
Symbol: psnppagn_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netcfgx_RasCountBindings
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargVarCopy
Symbol: msaatext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: licdll_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: iasrad_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: duser_SetActionTimeslice
Symbol: wmidx_WMCreateASFChopper
Symbol: digest_CompleteAuthToken
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumOptions
Symbol: datime_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_wglDeleteContext
Symbol: opengl32_glClear
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateIOMonitor
Symbol: msvcrt__setjmp3
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_UNICODE_STRING_BUFFER
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexStructMemorySize
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheEntryExW
Symbol: olecli32_BmEqual
Symbol: olecli32_LeClose
Symbol: atl_AtlAxCreateControlEx
Symbol: kernel32__llseek
Symbol: kernel32_GetComputerNameW
Symbol: kernel32_BaseProcessInitPostImport
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetSubEntryPropertiesA
Symbol: rasman_RasConnectionEnum
Symbol: cscui_CSCOptions_RunDLLA
Symbol: msvcp50__LDscale
Symbol: msi_MsiReinstallFeatureA
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIResolveName
Symbol: infosoft_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iasads_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_Shell_NotifyIconW
Symbol: shell32_SHBrowseForFolder
Symbol: esent97_JetCreateDatabase2
Symbol: duser_LookupGadgetTicket
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCheckURLScheme
Symbol: opengl32_wglCreateContext
Symbol: opengl32_glPixelTransferi
Symbol: atmpvcno_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt__heapadd
Symbol: msvcrt___p__iob
Symbol: user32_SendNotifyMessageA
Symbol: user32_GetMenuDefaultItem
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonLockEvent
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumSubjectInSortedCTL
Symbol: ntdll___eFIMUL16
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDosSearchPath_U
Symbol: gdi32_GetDCOrgEx
Symbol: gdi32_GetBkColor
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_pxoGetXform
Symbol: mpr_WNetConnectionDialog
Symbol: olecli32_GenDraw
Symbol: NCTAudioGrabber2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: imm32_ImmLoadIME
Symbol: msvcp60__LDscale
Symbol: psapi_InitializeProcessForWsWatch
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasReadPropBin
Symbol: kernel32_TerminateProcess
Symbol: kernel32_GetDllDirectoryW
Symbol: netcfgx_SvchostChangeSvchostGroup
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpQueryHWInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFreeStrList
Symbol: mmcshext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mdwmdmsp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: esent97_JetAttachDatabase2
Symbol: dpnwsock_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dsdmoprp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glTexParameteriv
Symbol: opengl32_glAccum
Symbol: adsmsext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: crtdll__lsearch
Symbol: crtdll__heapmin
Symbol: crtdll__getdcwd
Symbol: syssetup_SetupCreateOptionalComponentsPage
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPVerifyIndirectData
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEncodeObject
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVR64
Symbol: ntdll___eFCOMPP
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarCreateAccount
Symbol: samsrv_SamrEnumerateUsersInDomain
Symbol: olecli32_LeEqual
Symbol: secur32_InitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: HAL_IoAssignDriveLetters
Symbol: advapi32_CredIsMarshaledCredentialW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLinePrev64
Symbol: kernel32__lclose
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadContext
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumberFormatW
Symbol: rasapi32_DwDeleteSubEntry
Symbol: usrsdpia_traceCmndPrintf
Symbol: shscrap_OpenScrap_RunDLL
Symbol: sdpblb_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpReleaseIpAddressLease
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFreeStrList
Symbol: iassvcs_IASGetDictionary
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsIsAMailboxType
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorSubtract
Symbol: comcat_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_CloseClusterNode
Symbol: crtdll__chgsign
Symbol: syssetup_PS2MousePropPageProvider
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSignAndEncryptMessage
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeToCustomCPN
Symbol: ntdll_NtFlushBuffersFile
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditKdcEvent
Symbol: gdi32_GetObjectW
Symbol: gdi32_GetMetaRgn
Symbol: ole32_IsValidIid
Symbol: ole32_CLIPFORMAT_UserSize
Symbol: version_VerLanguageNameW
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetGetProtocolFlags
Symbol: olecli32_DibCopy
Symbol: olecli32_LeQueryOutOfDate
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameKeyGen
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHOpenRegStreamA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHGetInverseCMAP
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCompactPathW
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerGetInfo
Symbol: kernel32_SetFilePointerEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentActCtx
Symbol: oleaut32_BSTR_UserMarshal
Symbol: nvwdmcpl_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: drmclien_BindEx
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetHookSwitch
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetID
Symbol: sqlwoa_newMultiByteFromWideCharEx
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilDupParameterBlock
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIUpdateLinksW
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibSetPalette
Symbol: wmspdmod_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ipsmsnap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ksuser_KsCreateAllocator
Symbol: quartz_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dpvvox_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionClose
Symbol: certcli_CACertTypeUnregisterQuery
Symbol: ntdll___toascii
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBR32
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetDefaultLocale
Symbol: ntdll_NtLockProductActivationKeys
Symbol: ODBC32_VRetrieveDriverErrorsRowCol
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTables
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetDiagFieldW
Symbol: gdi32_SetMapMode
Symbol: gdi32_GetClipRgn
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsBindA
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterMallocSpy
Symbol: olecli32_MfEqual
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrIStreamWToBSTR
Symbol: servdeps_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: sti_ci_WiaCreatePortList
Symbol: wldap32_ber_init
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLineNext64
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleWindow
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvAddWizPages
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplSetDebugLevel
Symbol: ntmsapi_CancelNtmsOperatorRequest
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolSetCustomAuthData
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMem1
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryDestruct
Symbol: wmpshell_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: faultrep_CreateMinidumpW
Symbol: wmspdmoe_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dskquota_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: opengl32_glGetPixelMapuiv
Symbol: acledit_FMExtensionProcW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixShadow
Symbol: crtdll__chdrive
Symbol: ntdll_LdrDestroyOutOfProcessImage
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveDriverW
Symbol: comsvcs_CoCreateActivity
Symbol: Audio3D_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCanonicalizeW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetKeyParam
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleTitleW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFormatPercent
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcDeleteEntry
Symbol: wiashext_GetGeneralUIKey
Symbol: wiashext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: vbscript_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: uniplat_notifGetNewFrame
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetupTransferA
Symbol: tapi32_lineParkA
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvGetLayerPaletteEntries
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubCheckCert
Symbol: shgina_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMem1
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryDestruct
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMem2
Symbol: msls31_LsdnGetFormatDepth
Symbol: shell32_SHCLSIDFromString
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsWriteQuestionToBuffer_W
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionOpenW
Symbol: dpnhupnp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetPhoneCanonicalA
Symbol: wmasf_ASFPresFullToDelta
Symbol: wmasf_ASFPresDeltaToFull
Symbol: asfsipc_DllMain
Symbol: batmeter_DestroyBatMeter
Symbol: crtdll__execlpe
Symbol: user32_SetClipboardViewer
Symbol: user32_MsgWaitForMultipleObjectsEx
Symbol: user32_LookupIconIdFromDirectoryEx
Symbol: newdev_InstallWindowsUpdateDriver
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAcquireResourceExclusive
Symbol: msdart_GetShortPathNameI
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLDescribeParam
Symbol: gdi32_GetClipBox
Symbol: WININET_PrivacySetZonePreferenceW
Symbol: WININET_InternetConnectA
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSetPropA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathQuoteSpacesA
Symbol: batt_BatteryClassInstall
Symbol: regapi_RegQueryUtilityCommandList
Symbol: secur32_CompleteAuthToken
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedPushEntrySList
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemLanguageGroupsW
Symbol: dgrpsetu_DigiMultiPortCoInstaller
Symbol: rasapi32_RasScriptExecute
Symbol: nvmctray_NvTaskbarDelete
Symbol: tapi32_phoneInitializeExW
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastApiStartup
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMem2
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPGetRegWorkingFlags
Symbol: msi_MsiGetComponentPathA
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADevicePausePlay
Symbol: iassvcs_IASGetHostByName
Symbol: shell32_SHGetNewLinkInfoW
Symbol: dmdlgs_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionError
Symbol: dpvacm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: camocx_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__locking
Symbol: user32_EndDialog
Symbol: ntdll___eFUCOMP
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRealPredecessor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryInformationActivationContext
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLWriteDSNToIni
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: schannel_VerifySignature
Symbol: ole32_OleRegGetMiscStatus
Symbol: ole32_DoDragDrop
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRecUniToAnsi
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRecAnsiToUni
Symbol: olecli32_OleDraw
Symbol: credui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosReset
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetImeMenuItemsW
Symbol: kernel32_NlsConvertIntegerToString
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextVolumeMountPointA
Symbol: kernel32_ExpandEnvironmentStringsW
Symbol: localspl_SplGetDriverDir
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDeviceRegistryPropertyA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiDeleteDeviceInterfaceRegKey
Symbol: ir50_qcx_DllMain
Symbol: ir41_qcx_DllMain
Symbol: tapi32_lineRemoveProvider
Symbol: tapi32_lineDialW
Symbol: setupdll_ConfigFileSubst
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLColAttributeW
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPBlobTable
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCDeleteIntfObj
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMem4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaMidStmtBstr
Symbol: jet500_JetSetCurrentIndex2
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpForwardEntryToStack
Symbol: iasnap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionWrite
Symbol: opengl32_glDeleteTextures
Symbol: clusapi_EvictClusterNode
Symbol: crtdll__memicmp
Symbol: crtdll__mbsncat
Symbol: user32_TranslateMessageEx
Symbol: user32_ReleaseDC
Symbol: linkinfo_ResolveLinkInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFISTP32
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReleaseSemaphore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNotOwnerCriticalSection
Symbol: winipsec_GetMMPolicyByID
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsaopBindWithSpn
Symbol: samsrv_SampInitializeSdConversion
Symbol: WININET_InternetUnlockRequestFile
Symbol: msjter40_JetErrRawMessage
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLateMemSt
Symbol: safrdm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocIsDangerous
Symbol: imm32_ImmLockIMC
Symbol: advapi32_SetFileSecurityW
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectPrivilegeAuditAlarmA
Symbol: advapi32_AddAuditAccessAce
Symbol: irclass_LibMain
Symbol: rasapi32_RasAutodialEntryToNetwork
Symbol: rasman_RasSetEapUserInfo
Symbol: wmstream_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetButtonInfo
Symbol: sqlwid__lcreat_
Symbol: snmpsnap_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: pdh_PdhOpenLogA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaMidStmtBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMem4
Symbol: CEWMDM_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msisam11_DllMain
Symbol: mscat32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminInterfaceDisconnect
Symbol: mgmtapi_serverTrapThread
Symbol: mfc40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shell32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: cmutil_MakeBold
Symbol: crtdll_difftime
Symbol: user32_HideCaret
Symbol: user32_GetWindowPlacement
Symbol: activeds_ADsSetLastError
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBR64
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryInformationJobObject
Symbol: davclnt_DllMain
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserSetGroups
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupSetUsers
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetConnectAttrW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enable_DevNode
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverPriority
Symbol: rtutils_TraceDeregisterA
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetSystemAccessAccount
Symbol: cryptdll_CDLocateCSystem
Symbol: wintrust_WinVerifyTrust
Symbol: BROWSEUI_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHGetViewStatePropertyBag
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetJPEGOptions
Symbol: winsta_WinStationNameFromLogonIdW
Symbol: winsta_LogonIdFromWinStationNameW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDevPropertySheetsW
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsdec
Symbol: msvcrt20__cscanf
Symbol: nview_NVGetDisplayInfoDC
Symbol: tapi32_lineOpenA
Symbol: sqlunirl_newWideCharFromMultiByte
Symbol: sqlunirl_newMultiByteFromWideChar
Symbol: pdh_PdhSetQueryTimeRange
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsObjectInformationW
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsClientInstalled
Symbol: msi_MsiPreviewBillboardW
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureProductA
Symbol: wship6_WSHIoctl
Symbol: iassam_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsEndGLS
Symbol: wmnetmgr_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveSubnetElementV4
Symbol: certcli_CACountCertTypes
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionLn
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdAddAttachedSurface
Symbol: crtdll__mbsninc
Symbol: crtdll__heapset
Symbol: user32_RealGetWindowClass
Symbol: user32_LoadIconA
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserClose
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceUpdatePhonebookInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFISTP16
Symbol: mscoree_CorBindToRuntime
Symbol: anvioctl_ReadAR
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegGetUSValueA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsDirectoryA
Symbol: DMO_TSXT_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayDestroy
Symbol: avifil32_AVISave
Symbol: rasman_RasPortDisconnect
Symbol: MSSTDFMT_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveFileLogEntryA
Symbol: msvcrt20__acmdln
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIlog10
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleValid
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleMerge
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeGetWeight
Symbol: tapi32_MMCGetProviderList
Symbol: rtm_CreateTable
Symbol: pdh_PdhParseCounterPathW
Symbol: objsel_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGosubReturn
Symbol: msvbvm50__CIatan
Symbol: msls31_LsGetHihLsimethods
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureFeatureW
Symbol: mfc42_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceGetVolume
Symbol: glmf32_glsAppRef
Symbol: duser_GetGadget
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveSubnetElementV5
Symbol: opengl32_glRectd
Symbol: clusapi_PauseClusterNode
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDSetProperty
Symbol: crtdll__mbsicmp
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetMessageSignerCount
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateKeyedEvent
Symbol: DBnetlib_InitEnumServers
Symbol: ole32_ReadOleStg
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrClientCall2
Symbol: mpr_WNetClearConnections
Symbol: mscoree_RuntimeImageType
Symbol: ati3d1ag_VPEAccessCallback
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserModalsSet
Symbol: netapi32_NetStatisticsGet
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetActiveContext
Symbol: umandlg_UManDlg
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueDeleteSectionW
Symbol: msvcrt20__getche
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIatan
Symbol: msrating_ChangeSupervisorPassword
Symbol: sqlwoa_AllocConvertMultiSZNameToA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreePolMem
Symbol: pdh_PdhCloseLog
Symbol: perfos_QueryOSObjectData
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsdec
Symbol: msvcrt40__cscanf
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGosubReturn
Symbol: msvbvm60__CIatan
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMem8
Symbol: mscms_GetColorDirectoryA
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIOpenFormMgr
Symbol: jet500_JetGetObjidFromName
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumSubnetsDS
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapCrackUserDNtoNTLMUser2
Symbol: crtdll__fpclass
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgGetAndVerifySigner
Symbol: winipsec_GetQMPolicyByID
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterSurrogate
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVerifyVarObj
Symbol: anvioctl_ReadCR
Symbol: ati3d2ag_VPEAccessCallback
Symbol: cabinet_Extract
Symbol: imm32_ImmShowSoftKeyboard
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetTIFFOptions
Symbol: HAL_KeRaiseIrql
Symbol: advapi32_GetEffectiveRightsFromAclA
Symbol: kernel32_SetComputerNameW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetSubEntryPropertiesA
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbclen
Symbol: userenv_LoadUserProfileA
Symbol: tapi32_lineClose
Symbol: rsaenh_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: odbcconf_ShutdownProcess
Symbol: nwprovau_NPAddConnection
Symbol: wzcdlg_WZCCanShowBalloon
Symbol: msvcrt40__acmdln
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIlog10
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMem8
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportFavoritesW
Symbol: dfrgui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glRectf
Symbol: devmgr_DevicePropertiesW
Symbol: user32_SetMenuDefaultItem
Symbol: user32_SetDebugErrorLevel
Symbol: user32_GetCursorFrameInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFISTP64
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReleaseResource
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetUserInfoHeap
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSkipNormallySmallExtensionFragmented
Symbol: gdi32_SetBkColor
Symbol: ole32_CoGetCurrentProcess
Symbol: comuid_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextCmpGe
Symbol: mapi32_MAPILogon
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetDevCapsA
Symbol: HAL_KfRaiseIrql
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryInfoKeyW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptDestroyHash
Symbol: kernel32_SetDllDirectoryW
Symbol: msvcrt20__access
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIfmod
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIacos
Symbol: msctf_TF_IsCtfmonRunning
Symbol: wlnotify_ShowNotificationBalloonW
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphMakeRing
Symbol: msvcrt40__getche
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIatan
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDeleteSetting
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrTextLike
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllEnumNextW
Symbol: ieakeng_NewUrlA
Symbol: iassvcs_IASRequestThread
Symbol: dskquoui_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionOpenW
Symbol: crtdll__ungetch
Symbol: crtdll__memccpy
Symbol: msvcrt__heapchk
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxTimeoutA
Symbol: crypt32_CertRemoveEnhancedKeyUsageIdentifier
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindAttribute
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetHighEventPair
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetDescFieldW
Symbol: rtutils_TraceGetConsoleA
Symbol: gdi32_GetSystemPaletteUse
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsQuoteRdnValueA
Symbol: comsvcs_GetObjectContext
Symbol: WININET_InternetAutodial
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetProviderNameA
Symbol: olecli32_GenCopy
Symbol: browser_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: browsewm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: imm32_ImmEscapeW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLDriverConnect
Symbol: catsrvps_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: winmm_winmmSetDebugLevel
Symbol: HAL_HalCalibratePerformanceCounter
Symbol: advapi32_SetServiceStatus
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupAddTagToGroupOrderListEntry
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_ExW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerEnum2
Symbol: scrobj_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rsaenh_CPVerifySignature
Symbol: netman_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbclen
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDeleteSetting
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrTextLike
Symbol: msls31_LsMatchPresSubline
Symbol: msihnd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiSourceListForceResolutionA
Symbol: msi_MsiAdvertiseProductA
Symbol: lprhelp_LibMain
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceGetReport
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpStatistics
Symbol: iassdo_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: duser_BuildInterpolation
Symbol: dxmasf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionError
Symbol: opengl32_glGetPixelMapusv
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetDisconnectDialog1A
Symbol: iuengine_ShutdownThreads
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertSharedToExclusive
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertExclusiveToShared
Symbol: esent_JetRestoreInstance
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLExtendedFetch
Symbol: gdi32_SetMetaRgn
Symbol: samsrv_SamrQueryInformationDomain
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluRegisterDTCResourceA
Symbol: olesvr32_TerminateClients
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszDupA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathGetCharTypeW
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerSetInfo
Symbol: iesetup_IEAccessUserInst
Symbol: msnsspc_QuerySecurityPackageInfoW
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminPortEnum
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedCompareExchange
Symbol: rasman_RasDoIke
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerEnum3
Symbol: drmclien_ProcessResponse
Symbol: ir50_qc_SetCPUID
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetHookSwitch
Symbol: msvcrt40__access
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIfmod
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIacos
Symbol: mscpxl32_ConfigTranslator
Symbol: mscms_EnumColorProfilesA
Symbol: FM20_FormsCloseParentUnit
Symbol: inseng_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: digest_ImpersonateSecurityContext
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionWrite
Symbol: opengl32_glRecti
Symbol: crtdll__mbsncmp
Symbol: crtdll__execvpe
Symbol: cscdll_CSCDoEnableDisable
Symbol: winsrv_ConServerDllInitialization
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMergeRangeLists
Symbol: ntdll_LdrInitializeThunk
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_IDW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsAddSidHistoryW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetPropW
Symbol: MSOERT2_IsUpper
Symbol: avtapi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_CopySid
Symbol: kernel32_GetStringTypeExA
Symbol: kernel32_EnumTimeFormatsW
Symbol: oleaut32_VARIANT_UserSize
Symbol: rasman_RasPortSetFraming
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueRenameSectionW
Symbol: slayerxp_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: shscrap_Scrap_CreateFromDataObject
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupProcessPrinterAdded
Symbol: mindex_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: licwmi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glu32_gluQuadricDrawStyle
Symbol: dssenh_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dmusic_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glFogfv
Symbol: devmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll_clearerr
Symbol: crtdll__setmode
Symbol: crtdll__mbsrchr
Symbol: crtdll__mbspbrk
Symbol: crypt32_I_CertUpdateStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnlockMemoryStreamRegion
Symbol: ntdll_NtGetContextThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtEnumerateSystemEnvironmentValuesEx
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetNameValidate
Symbol: esent_JetGetCurrentIndex
Symbol: esent_JetDelete
Symbol: rtcdll_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msgina_WlxWkstaLockedSAS
Symbol: gdi32_RemoveFontResourceW
Symbol: olethk32_ConvertHr3216Thunk
Symbol: olethk32_ConvertHr1632Thunk
Symbol: MSOERT2_IsPrint
Symbol: netapi32_NetpParmsUserPropertyFree
Symbol: netapi32_NetpParmsSetUserPropertyWithLength
Symbol: msorcl32_DllMain
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilMemAlloc
Symbol: winmm_mmioInstallIOProcA
Symbol: advapi32_InitiateSystemShutdownExW
Symbol: imagehlp_GetImageConfigInformation
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleTitleW
Symbol: kernel32_GetPriorityClass
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstVolumeW
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcPortGetInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceRegistryPropertyW
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsdec
Symbol: msvcrt20__execle
Symbol: msvcrt20__atodbl
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAppPriority
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvSetLayerPaletteEntries
Symbol: oleacc_AccessibleChildren
Symbol: npptools_GetBoolFromBlob
Symbol: msconf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsIsContextStream
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetContextListl
Symbol: glmf32_glsBinary
Symbol: shell32_SHRunControlPanel
Symbol: faultrep_AddERExcludedApplicationA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumServersDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsEnumServers
Symbol: digest_InitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: cmutil_CmMalloc
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterResourceTypeKey
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterCloseEnum
Symbol: crtdll__tempnam
Symbol: user32_UserRealizePalette
Symbol: user32_PostThreadMessageW
Symbol: linkinfo_DestroyLinkInfo
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateContext
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFlushBuffersFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryQuotaInformationFile
Symbol: winipsec_GetTunnelFilter
Symbol: msdart_mpCalloc
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLBindParameter
Symbol: mswsock_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditSamEvent
Symbol: samsrv_SamIIsRebootAfterPromotion
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGCLookupNames
Symbol: profmap_DllMain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextCmpLe
Symbol: expsrv___vbaMidStmtBstrB
Symbol: expsrv___vbaEnd
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetCodePageCharset
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsUNCServerA
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsManagerGetConfigInfo
Symbol: winsta_WinStationRenameA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_extended_resultA
Symbol: advapi32_RegQueryValueExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__CItanh
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIasin
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleExportReadonly
Symbol: slbcsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rsaenh_CPGenKey
Symbol: rastls_RasEapGetIdentity
Symbol: MSRDO20_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40___setusermatherr
Symbol: msvcp50__Getcoll
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCharValueBstr
Symbol: msls31_LsAppendRunToCurrentSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideComponentA
Symbol: dssenh_CPVerifySignature
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddP7RW
Symbol: crtdll__mbbtype
Symbol: crtdll__matherr
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewSignerInfoA
Symbol: ntdll___eFYL2XP1
Symbol: ntdll___eFSTENV
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLockProductActivationKeys
Symbol: ntdll_RtlZombifyActivationContext
Symbol: itircl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Is_Dock_Station_Present
Symbol: schannel_AcquireCredentialsHandleW
Symbol: msjet40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2I4
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIERefresh
Symbol: hypertrm_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: qcap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_GetMenuPosFromID
Symbol: msvcp60__Getcoll
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyRole
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetDevCapsW
Symbol: advapi32_Wow64Win32ApiEntry
Symbol: kernel32__hwrite
Symbol: kernel32_UnregisterWaitEx
Symbol: kernel32_RemoveDirectoryW
Symbol: irclass_IrSIRPortPropPageProvider
Symbol: msvcrt20__filbuf
Symbol: winntbbu_SetTimeEstimate
Symbol: msvcrt40__execle
Symbol: msvcrt40__atodbl
Symbol: msvcp50__FDenorm
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCharValueBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRightCharBstr
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportFavoritesW
Symbol: gpkcsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glu32_gluNewNurbsRenderer
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumOptionsDS
Symbol: opengl32_glFogiv
Symbol: wmi_UnregisterTraceGuids
Symbol: crtdll__mbctype
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSReturnLicensedProduct
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetLSPKCS10CertRequest
Symbol: powrprof_DeletePwrScheme
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminPortReset
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetProcessHeaps
Symbol: esent_JetBackup
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLErrorA
Symbol: ODBC32_PostComponentError
Symbol: gdi32_StretchBlt
Symbol: gdi32_PtInRegion
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcNsBindingSetEntryNameA
Symbol: ole32_CoGetState
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextCmpNe
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLineInputVar
Symbol: imgutil_IdentifyMIMEType
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLBrowseConnect
Symbol: msvcp60__FDenorm
Symbol: url_NewsProtocolHandlerA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_check_filterA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_set_dbg_flags
Symbol: kernel32_WinExec
Symbol: usrdtea_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20_bsearch
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIcosh
Symbol: nview_NViewGlobalSetting
Symbol: wiascr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetButtonInfo
Symbol: slbiop_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: slbcsp_CPVerifySignature
Symbol: msvcrt40__CItanh
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIasin
Symbol: msvcp50__Hugeval
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRightCharBstr
Symbol: glu32_gluTessBeginPolygon
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetConnectionDialog1A
Symbol: msvcrt___crtLCMapStringW
Symbol: user32_SetWindowPlacement
Symbol: user32_InitializeLpkHooks
Symbol: wsock32_AcceptEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeStringToOemString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlOemStringToUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLengthSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlImpersonateSelf
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetAce
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentPointA
Symbol: gdi32_EnumFontsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrInterfacePointerMarshall
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperCertIsSelfSigned
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPGetSignedDataMsg
Symbol: comsvcs_RecycleSurrogate
Symbol: catsrvut_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: anvioctl_GetTwinViewMode
Symbol: NCTAudioTransform2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_Netbios
Symbol: msvcp60__Hugeval
Symbol: winmm_mciGetDeviceIDFromElementIDA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_Key_Name_ExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbscat
Symbol: nview_PMLoadPresentation
Symbol: spoolss_UnloadDriverFile
Symbol: spnike_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__filbuf
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetDayOfMonth
Symbol: msi_MsiReinstallProductA
Symbol: netplwiz_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPVerifySignature
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNotifyResolverClusterIp
Symbol: dswave_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adptif_IpxWanQueryInactivityTimer
Symbol: crtdll__wcsicmp
Symbol: crtdll__mbscspn
Symbol: crtdll__cprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__loaddll
Symbol: user32_LoadMenuA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptInstallDefaultContext
Symbol: ntdll___iscsymf
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnhandledExceptionFilter2
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAdjustPrivilege
Symbol: ntdll_NtAddAtom
Symbol: ODBC32_CollectODBCPerfData
Symbol: gdi32_SetRectRgn
Symbol: ole32_StgCreatePropSetStg
Symbol: comsvcs_SafeRef
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeQueryConfig
Symbol: WININET_InternetGoOnline
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrToUnicode
Symbol: anvioctl_ReadMR
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFormatKBSizeA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegSetUSValueA
Symbol: rdpcfgex_ExtEnd
Symbol: ntlanman_NPAddConnection3
Symbol: secur32_ImpersonateSecurityContext
Symbol: winmm_mciGetErrorStringA
Symbol: winmm_gfxAddGfx
Symbol: kernel32_TlsFree
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCursor
Symbol: localspl_SplCloseSpooler
Symbol: localspl_SplClosePrinter
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetSubEntryPropertiesW
Symbol: usrfaxa_DllMain
Symbol: cscui_CSCOptions_RunDLLW
Symbol: winfax_FaxStartPrintJobA
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeSetWeight
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvUpdateAllUserMenu
Symbol: setupdll_BinaryFileSubst
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLGetStmtOption
Symbol: mycomput_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: msvcrt40_bsearch
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIcosh
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetDayOfMonth
Symbol: msports_ComDBReleasePort
Symbol: msi_MsiReinstallFeatureW
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceStartPlay
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceSetVolume
Symbol: glu32_gluTessBeginContour
Symbol: dssenh_CPGenKey
Symbol: dmconfig_cs_get_api_calls
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionOpenW
Symbol: crtdll__strdate
Symbol: crtdll___iscsym
Symbol: d3dim700_D3DMalloc
Symbol: msvcrt__clearfp
Symbol: user32_SendNotifyMessageW
Symbol: user32_PrivateSetRipFlags
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindExtension
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceGetHandle
Symbol: ntdll_NtMapViewOfSection
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsSameNodeA
Symbol: w32time_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msjtes40_DllMain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextCmpEq
Symbol: URLMON_AsyncGetClassBits
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapGetHashAlg
Symbol: netapi32_NetErrorLogWrite
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLGetCursorName
Symbol: kernel32__lwrite
Symbol: kernel32_SleepEx
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsinc
Symbol: msvcrt20__fdopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__c_exit
Symbol: rend_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupCloseDirectConnection
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaStopA
Symbol: ntlanui_DllMain
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCreateObjectFromBuffer
Symbol: msvfw32_ICLocate
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbscat
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFormatPercent
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceStopPlay
Symbol: shell32_SHDestroyPropSheetExtArray
Symbol: duser_DUserGetRotatePRID
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionError
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEAddConnection
Symbol: user32_SetMenuItemBitmaps
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeRXact
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenIoCompletion
Symbol: gdi32_GetEnhMetaFileHeader
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcCancelAsyncCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAsyncCancelCall
Symbol: samsrv_SamIImpersonateNullSession
Symbol: secur32_InitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: macrovsn_MacroVisionOpen
Symbol: advapi32_IsTokenUntrusted
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiGetVariable
Symbol: msvcrt20__getpid
Symbol: msvcrt20__fileno
Symbol: xenroll_PIEnrollGetNoCOM
Symbol: w32topl_ToplIterGetObject
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemePartSize
Symbol: slbcsp_CPGenKey
Symbol: lprhelp_PrintWaitingJobs
Symbol: icaapi_IcaCdWaitForMultipleObjects
Symbol: shell32_StrChrIA
Symbol: dispex_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpScanDatabase
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionWrite
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIAbandonSearch
Symbol: wuaueng_DllMain
Symbol: crtdll__fpreset
Symbol: msctfp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_FrameRect
Symbol: user32_DrawFrame
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDestroyProcessParameters
Symbol: gdi32_OffsetViewportOrgEx
Symbol: olesvr32_EnumForTerminate
Symbol: olesvr32_OleUnblockServer
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryProtocol
Symbol: INETWH32_StoreBrowserName
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIEForward
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHOpenRegStreamW
Symbol: umpnpmgr_PNP_HwProfFlags
Symbol: winsta_WinStationTerminateProcess
Symbol: imagehlp_GetImageUnusedHeaderBytes
Symbol: avifil32_AVIMakeStreamFromClipboard
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbccpy
Symbol: msvcrt20__getcwd
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIsinh
Symbol: wiadss_FindFirstImportDS
Symbol: upnphost_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: rtm_RtmBlockDeleteRoutes
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLGetStmtOption
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetResourceInformation
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupDestroyPrinterDeviceInfoList
Symbol: wmpasf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsinc
Symbol: msvcrt40__fdopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__c_exit
Symbol: msvcp50__LDenorm
Symbol: jet500_JetBeginTransaction
Symbol: hid_HidD_SetOutputReport
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPGenKey
Symbol: esent97_JetRetrieveColumn
Symbol: opengl32_glRects
Symbol: opengl32_glPolygonStipple
Symbol: qasf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll_iswalpha
Symbol: crtdll__spawnle
Symbol: webclnt_DavInit
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDebugPrintTimes
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetDescFieldW
Symbol: gdi32_StrokePath
Symbol: gdi32_SetSystemPaletteUse
Symbol: gdi32_PolyBezier
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertAndCheckDC
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsBindW
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetPasswordForeignUser
Symbol: WININET_InternetTimeToSystemTimeA
Symbol: mstime_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcp60__LDenorm
Symbol: nlhtml_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: oleaut32_SysReAllocString
Symbol: msvcrt20_getchar
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbschr
Symbol: msvcrt20__finite
Symbol: nview_WMGetActiveSetting
Symbol: ir50_qc_Compress
Symbol: ir41_qc_Compress
Symbol: tapi32_phoneOpen
Symbol: pschdprf_OpenPschedPerformanceData
Symbol: nwprovau_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupShowBlockedDriverUI
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupSelectDeviceButtons
Symbol: msvcrt40__getpid
Symbol: msvcrt40__fileno
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipUnloadProject
Symbol: msi_MsiViewGetColumnInfo
Symbol: msapsspc_AcquireCredentialsHandleA
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrGetTrapEx
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpStatistics
Symbol: netplwiz_NetAccessWizard
Symbol: d3dim_Direct3DCreateDevice
Symbol: corpol_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glFlush
Symbol: mydocs_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetDefaultCryptProv
Symbol: ntdll_RtlxUnicodeStringToAnsiSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlxAnsiStringToUnicodeSize
Symbol: ntdll_NtFlushWriteBuffer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInterlockedPushListSList
Symbol: catsrvut_SysprepComplus2
Symbol: ws2help_WahEnumerateHandleContexts
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFormatDateTime
Symbol: bootvid_VidDisplayString
Symbol: kernel32_RestoreLastError
Symbol: samlib_SamEnumerateAliasesInDomain
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiSendCommand
Symbol: usrlbva_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20__expand
Symbol: msvcrt20__execve
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemePosition
Symbol: uniplat_SetUnimodemTimer
Symbol: osuninst_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetupTransferW
Symbol: tapi32_lineParkW
Symbol: ncxpnt_RestartNetAdapter
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbccpy
Symbol: msvcrt40__getcwd
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIsinh
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipUnloadProject
Symbol: msls31_LsdnResolvePrevTab
Symbol: mscms_SelectCMM
Symbol: kbdgr1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: shell32_SHChangeNotification_Unlock
Symbol: dmutil_ShowMessageValist
Symbol: digest_ApplyControlToken
Symbol: cryptext_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: oleprn_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnset
Symbol: crtdll__mbsncpy
Symbol: msimtf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__lsearch
Symbol: msvcrt__heapmin
Symbol: msvcrt__getmbcp
Symbol: msvcrt__getdcwd
Symbol: msvcrt__atoldbl
Symbol: user32_GetLastActivePopup
Symbol: user32_CharPrevA
Symbol: actxprxy_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceTransportGetHandle
Symbol: ntdll_NtTerminateProcess
Symbol: msdart_mpMalloc
Symbol: schannel_CollectSslPerformanceData
Symbol: WININET_InternetErrorDlg
Symbol: WININET_InternetConnectW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextCmpGt
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSetPropW
Symbol: anvioctl_ReadSR
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathQuoteSpacesW
Symbol: atl_AtlUnadvise
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandIE4
Symbol: lame_enc_lame_init_params
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetItemType
Symbol: MSSTKPRP_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Custom_Property_ExA
Symbol: msvcrt20__wchdir
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbslen
Symbol: msvcrt20__execlp
Symbol: wlnotify_SchedStartShell
Symbol: utildll_TestUserForAdmin
Symbol: photowiz_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: perfctrs_CollectNbfPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_getchar
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbschr
Symbol: msvcrt40__finite
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLowerCaseBstr
Symbol: mssip32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiGetComponentPathW
Symbol: crtdll_iswascii
Symbol: msvcrt__chgsign
Symbol: crypt32_CryptFormatObject
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminPortReset
Symbol: ntdll__wcsnicmp
Symbol: ntdll___eFRSTOR
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetHighEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFormatCurrentUserKeyPath
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetContextThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtImpersonateAnonymousToken
Symbol: netui1_MNetApiBufferAlloc
Symbol: esent_JetSetCurrentIndex
Symbol: esent_JetRetrieveColumns
Symbol: esent_JetExternalRestore
Symbol: rtutils_TraceRegisterExA
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentPointI
Symbol: catsrvut_ManagedRequestW
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK_Invoke
Symbol: MSOERT2_strtrim
Symbol: kdcom_KdRestore
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLColAttributes
Symbol: psapi_EnumProcessModules
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcAddrIsIpx
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingGetAvailablePolicyIds
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSSetSessionInformationA
Symbol: imagehlp_SetImageConfigInformation
Symbol: kernel32_SetPriorityClass
Symbol: kernel32_LZClose
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextVolumeMountPointW
Symbol: dplayx_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rasman_RasSetRouterUsage
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetDeviceRegistryPropertyW
Symbol: msvcrt20__wchmod
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbscmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__flsbuf
Symbol: wshcon_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winfax_FaxClose
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAppPriority
Symbol: sqlwoa__trename
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminInvalidVolumeDelete
Symbol: msvcrt40__expand
Symbol: msvcrt40__execve
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLowerCaseBstr
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpRemoveSubnetElementV4DS
Symbol: qdvd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbghelp_FindDebugInfoFile
Symbol: msvcrt__commode
Symbol: user32_CopyImage
Symbol: user32_CharNextA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteElementGenericTable
Symbol: winipsec_SetTunnelFilter
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQueryTrustedDomainInfo
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQueryInfoTrustedDomain
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarOpenPolicySce
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonEncapsulatedUnionFree
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCInstallVersion
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaUserEnum
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetRootItem
Symbol: kbdpl1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_ObjectPrivilegeAuditAlarmW
Symbol: advapi32_ImpersonateNamedPipeClient
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcat
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualProtectEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileInformationByHandle
Symbol: kernel32_FindNextChangeNotification
Symbol: msvcrt20_realloc
Symbol: msvcrt20_isalpha
Symbol: win32spl_DllMain
Symbol: spoolss_UpdateBufferSize
Symbol: setupdll_SetupAddPrinter
Symbol: pdh_PdhOpenLogW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLNumResultCols
Symbol: msvcrt40__wchdir
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbslen
Symbol: msvcrt40__execlp
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetRouteWithRef
Symbol: inetppui_InitializePrintMonitorUI
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdQueryMoCompStatus
Symbol: msvcrt__cwscanf
Symbol: msvcrt__chdrive
Symbol: user32_DdeCreateDataHandle
Symbol: crypt32_CryptUnregisterOIDFunction
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgDuplicate
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserWrite
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDelete
Symbol: rtutils_TraceDeregisterW
Symbol: catsrv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATEnumerateCatAttr
Symbol: sxs_SxsOleAut32RedirectTypeLibrary
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserGetGroups
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupGetUsers
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonAppendChangeLog
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamPosition
Symbol: kbdhu1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiIsExecutableFileType
Symbol: kbdcz1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: oleaut32_VarIdiv
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsinc
Symbol: winfax_FaxAbort
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMEnumProcessWOW
Symbol: utildll_EnumerateMultiUserServers
Symbol: tcpmonui_InitializePrintMonitorUI
Symbol: tapi32_lineOpenW
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvDeleteContext
Symbol: sprio600_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphConnect
Symbol: setupdll_GetUserAccounts
Symbol: npptools_WriteBlobToFile
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRenewIpAddressLeaseEx
Symbol: msvcrt40__wchmod
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbscmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__flsbuf
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcUpperCaseBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcAnsiValueBstr
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureProductW
Symbol: iphlpapi_NTTimeToNTPTime
Symbol: duser_DUserStopAnimation
Symbol: dinput_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNotify
Symbol: crtdll_iswspace
Symbol: msvcrt__execlpe
Symbol: user32_LoadIconW
Symbol: ntdll__aulldvrm
Symbol: ntdll_ZwGetContextThread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwEnumerateSystemEnvironmentValuesEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNumberOfSetBits
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInterlockedPopEntrySList
Symbol: gdi32_PolyPatBlt
Symbol: txflog_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ole32_CoSetState
Symbol: mtxoci_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: lz32_LZOpenFileA
Symbol: MSHTML_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegGetUSValueW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsDirectoryW
Symbol: kbdcz2_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupUnicodeToMultiByte
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableDestroy
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupMultiByteToUnicode
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveFileLogEntryW
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcmdln
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvCreateContext
Symbol: sqlwid__hwrite_
Symbol: msvcrt40_realloc
Symbol: msvcrt40_isalpha
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcUpperCaseBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcAnsiValueBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcBeep
Symbol: msls31_LsSetModWidthPairs
Symbol: msls31_LsdnSubmitSublines
Symbol: mswmdm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msisip_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportRegKey2InfA
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetPreparsedData
Symbol: shell32_StrNCmpA
Symbol: shell32_StrCmpNA
Symbol: cdosys_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__strninc
Symbol: crtdll__isctype
Symbol: msvcrt__lseeki64
Symbol: msvcrt__locking
Symbol: msvcrt__getwche
Symbol: crypt32_RegOpenHKCUKeyExU
Symbol: crypt32_CryptImportPublicKeyInfoEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryQuotaInformationFile
Symbol: esent_JetUpdate
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Sibling_Ex
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAP_SITENAME_INFO
Symbol: WININET_InternetOpenUrlA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextCmpLt
Symbol: expsrv_TipUnloadInstance
Symbol: anvioctl_ReadXR
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilDbgPrint
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasReadPropStr
Symbol: kbdsl1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: HAL_KeLowerIrql
Symbol: kernel32_CheckRemoteDebuggerPresent
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupMakeSurePathExists
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_DevNode_Problem_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcreat
Symbol: msvcrt20__pclose
Symbol: msvcrt20__chsize
Symbol: msvcrt20___wargv
Symbol: nvmctray_NvMCRegisterApp
Symbol: nvcpl_scaleview
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexNumberOfOutEdges
Symbol: sprio800_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupdll_GetUnusedDrives
Symbol: ntlanui_NPPropertyDialog
Symbol: msvcrt40__telli64
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcBeep
Symbol: msvbvm50__allmul
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeySaveToMemory
Symbol: mscms_GetColorDirectoryW
Symbol: shell32_StrRChrA
Symbol: corpol_CORPolicyProvider
Symbol: crtdll__stricmp
Symbol: crtdll__strcmpi
Symbol: msvcrt__memicmp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsncat
Symbol: user32_WINNLSGetIMEHotkey
Symbol: ntdll_NtWriteRequestData
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUnmarshallBasetypeInline
Symbol: olecli32_ErrQueryProtocol
Symbol: qmgrprxy_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: secur32_ApplyControlToken
Symbol: kbdlt1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: winmm_MigrateSoundEvents
Symbol: HAL_KfLowerIrql
Symbol: advapi32_GetEffectiveRightsFromAclW
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumaAvailableMemoryNode
Symbol: kernel32_ExitVDM
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetSubEntryPropertiesW
Symbol: rasman_RasGetNumPortOpen
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Reenumerate_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20_asctime
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcschr
Symbol: userenv_LoadUserProfileW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevEnum
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetStmtOption
Symbol: occache_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcmdln
Symbol: msvbvm60__allmul
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateWriterNetworkSink
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNotifyResolver
Symbol: cmutil_GetOSMajorVersion
Symbol: crtdll_wcsftime
Symbol: crtdll__mbsspnp
Symbol: msvcrt_difftime
Symbol: msvcrt__waccess
Symbol: srrstr_InvokeDiskCleanup
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryTimeZoneInformation
Symbol: ws2help_WahCloseApcHelper
Symbol: olecli32_ErrShow
Symbol: lz32_LZCloseFile
Symbol: netapi32_NetRemoteComputerSupports
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLSetCursorName
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetDevCapsW
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpCreateSession
Symbol: localspl_SplResetPrinter
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexecl
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetSockaddrType
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMStartTaskInWOW
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseEntityInfo
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetConnection
Symbol: ntmarta_AccRewriteGetExplicitEntriesFromAcl
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcreat
Symbol: msvcrt40__pclose
Symbol: msvcrt40__chsize
Symbol: msvcrt40___wargv
Symbol: wmdmps_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvidctl_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: ieakeng_NewUrlW
Symbol: glu32_gluEndTrim
Symbol: dsprop_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adptif_IpxDoesRouteExist
Symbol: crtdll__spawnve
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsninc
Symbol: msvcrt__heapset
Symbol: msvcrt__dstbias
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxTimeoutW
Symbol: ntdll_NtGetPlugPlayEvent
Symbol: rtutils_TraceGetConsoleW
Symbol: gdi32_PolylineTo
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsQuoteRdnValueW
Symbol: ole32_CoQueryProxyBlanket
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareGetInfoA
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetProviderNameW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetPresentDate
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLineInputStr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryConstruct
Symbol: kbdlv1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_MD4Final
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Register_Device_Driver
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiSetVariable
Symbol: msvcrt20_isspace
Symbol: msvcrt20_fwscanf
Symbol: msvcrt20__wctime
Symbol: msvcrt20__commit
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysColor
Symbol: nvoglnt_DllMain
Symbol: sqlwid__lwrite_
Symbol: sisbkup_SisCreateRestoreStructure
Symbol: rastls_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntsdexts_handle
Symbol: msvcrt40_asctime
Symbol: msi_MsiSourceListForceResolutionW
Symbol: msi_MsiAdvertiseProductW
Symbol: msapsspc_VerifySignature
Symbol: iprop_PropStgNameToFmtId
Symbol: iprop_FmtIdToPropStgName
Symbol: ieakeng_IsADMFileVisibleA
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenP7R
Symbol: opengl32_glOrtho
Symbol: adptif_IpxWanCreateAdapterConfigurationPort
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindFirstMsiPackage_Str
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetDisconnectDialog1W
Symbol: crtdll_iswdigit
Symbol: crtdll__spawnlp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsicmp
Symbol: user32_OpenWindowStationA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAddAtom
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInvertRangeList
Symbol: ntdll_NtLoadKey
Symbol: winscard_SCardAccessNewReaderEvent
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecOpenType2
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarQueryInformationPolicy
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetBootOption
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluRegisterDTCResourceW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNew
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszDupW
Symbol: qmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetVendorInfo
Symbol: advapi32_MD5Final
Symbol: advapi32_CredProfileLoaded
Symbol: kernel32_lstrlen
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcscmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mtlock
Symbol: msvcrt20__futime
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringAnalyse
Symbol: spoolss_CallRouterFindFirstPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: shsvcs_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: setupdll_NtPathToDosPath
Symbol: setupdll_DosPathToNtPath
Symbol: scarddlg_GetOpenCardNameA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreePolStr
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetStmtOption
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexecl
Symbol: mscms_EnumColorProfilesW
Symbol: hnetwiz_DllMain
Symbol: dmutil_LowNtAddBootEntry
Symbol: clusapi_OpenClusterGroup
Symbol: crtdll_isxdigit
Symbol: crtdll_iswgraph
Symbol: msvcrt__snscanf
Symbol: msvcrt__mbscoll
Symbol: msvcrt__fpclass
Symbol: user32_EqualRect
Symbol: user32_AdjustWindowRectEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwMapViewOfSection
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenProcessToken
Symbol: msdart_GetWindowLongPtrI
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetNodeClusterStateW
Symbol: WININET_HttpSendRequestA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrAryToAnsi
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetGetSharingServicesPage
Symbol: xolehlp_GetDtcLocaleResourceHandle
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_ext_sA
Symbol: advapi32_GetExplicitEntriesFromAclA
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcmp
Symbol: kernel32_GetStringTypeExW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasExesLengthA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_GetCurrentSystemTime
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsdup
Symbol: msvcrt20__fsopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__execvp
Symbol: spoolss_LogWmiTraceEvent
Symbol: rasppp_RasSrvrActivateIp
Symbol: msvcrt40_isspace
Symbol: msvcrt40_fwscanf
Symbol: msvcrt40__wctime
Symbol: msvcrt40__commit
Symbol: msvcp50__Wcrtomb
Symbol: msvcp50__Mbrtowc
Symbol: lprmonui_InitializePrintMonitorUI
Symbol: duser_AutoTrace
Symbol: faultrep_ReportEREventDW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerRestoreDatabase
Symbol: wmi_StartTraceA
Symbol: crtdll__wcsnset
Symbol: msvcrt__wexecle
Symbol: msvcrt__gmtime64
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenIoCompletion
Symbol: ntdll_NtPowerInformation
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevGetInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetPos
Symbol: msdart_WinHelpI
Symbol: msdtcprx_ax_reg
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDatabaseRedo
Symbol: msvcp60__Wcrtomb
Symbol: msvcp60__Mbrtowc
Symbol: winmm_mmioInstallIOProcW
Symbol: printui_DllMain
Symbol: wlnotify_SensLogoffEvent
Symbol: msvcrt40__mtlock
Symbol: msvcrt40__futime
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcHexVarFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFailedFriend
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackDisconnect
Symbol: glu32_gluProject
Symbol: ftsrch_NewIndex
Symbol: faultrep_AddERExcludedApplicationW
Symbol: diskcopy_DiskCopyRunDllW
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsDeleteDSObject
Symbol: crtdll__strtime
Symbol: syssetup_AsrAddSifEntryA
Symbol: msvcrt__ungetch
Symbol: msvcrt__setmbcp
Symbol: msvcrt__memccpy
Symbol: user32_IsServerSideWindow
Symbol: user32_CloseWindowStation
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetServerPID
Symbol: crypt32_CryptExportPublicKeyInfoEx
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceDisconnect
Symbol: SQLSRV32_LibMain
Symbol: mtxoci_odefinps
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextTstGe
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreateFromFile
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsUNCServerW
Symbol: imm32_ImmEnumInputContext
Symbol: oakley_IKEInterfaceChange
Symbol: usbui_CPlApplet
Symbol: srclient_SRFifo
Symbol: winmm_mmioOpenA
Symbol: winsta_WinStationRenameW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_extended_resultW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_simple_bind_s
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumPrinters
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxCleanUpCursor
Symbol: xactsrv_XsConvertServerEnumBuffer
Symbol: spoolss_GetJobAttributes
Symbol: security_AcquireCredentialsHandleA
Symbol: scrrun_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateNextHopEnum
Symbol: rpcns4_I_RpcNsSendReceive
Symbol: ntmsapi_OpenNtmsSessionA
Symbol: ntlanui_StopShareDialogA0
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsdup
Symbol: msvcrt40__fsopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__execvp
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcHexVarFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFailedFriend
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcByteValueBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcOctVarFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_CLASS_QueryInterface
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideComponentW
Symbol: dinput8_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterGroupEnum
Symbol: wmpdxm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsCreateDSObject
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdUnlockD3D
Symbol: msvcrt__wrename
Symbol: user32_ToAsciiEx
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewSignerInfoW
Symbol: ntdll__strnicmp
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFillMemoryUlong
Symbol: ntdll_NtWaitLowEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_DbgPrompt
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetDevmodeForPage
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarDateFromVar
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK2_AddRef
Symbol: URLMON_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: AsusVr_MergeDCs
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcGetUptime
Symbol: kbdru1_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_ext_sA
Symbol: msvcrt20_isdigit
Symbol: msvcrt20__wmkdir
Symbol: msvcrt20__mktemp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsset
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbscpy
Symbol: wow32_W32Dispatch
Symbol: wlnotify_SensStopScreenSaverEvent
Symbol: vss_ps_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: spoolss_AddJobW
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlAssignmentFromTokens
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcByteValueBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcOctVarFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_CLASS_QueryInterface
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbDestroyContext
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdCallLd
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDClose
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumubv
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt__execvpe
Symbol: user32_ToUnicode
Symbol: user32_GetParent
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFlushWriteBuffer
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveDefaultDataSource
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLErrorW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Modify_Res_Des
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcNsBindingSetEntryNameW
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1CatNameValueDecode
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetAutoProxy
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrChrA
Symbol: dxmrtp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmIsCiceroStartedInThread
Symbol: regapi_RegIsMachinePolicyAllowHelp
Symbol: dcfft2_fftc4_un256
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_check_filterW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_next_page
Symbol: HAL_KeReleaseInStackQueuedSpinLock
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_AddIcon
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleScreenBufferInfo
Symbol: avifil32_AVIClearClipboard
Symbol: msvcrt20_isgraph
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__tzname
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsrev
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetProviderGuid
Symbol: nview_HKExecute
Symbol: rtm_RtmBlockConvertRoutesToStatic
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgDosAppStart
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdCallLd
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbDestroyContext
Symbol: mmutilse_memcmp
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCDecodeCommand
Symbol: clusapi_MoveClusterGroup
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Normalize
Symbol: mprui_MPRUI_WNetConnectionDialog1W
Symbol: msvcrt_clearerr
Symbol: msvcrt__setmode
Symbol: msvcrt__mktime64
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt__mbspbrk
Symbol: msvcrt__Getdays
Symbol: crypt32_CertSerializeCertificateStoreElement
Symbol: ntdll_ZwTerminateProcess
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentPointW
Symbol: gdi32_EnumFontsW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMacId
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryRebase1Var
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserSetGroups
Symbol: netapi32_NetGroupSetUsers
Symbol: srclient_RestoreSnapshot
Symbol: winmm_mmioClose
Symbol: winmm_mciGetDeviceIDFromElementIDW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_rename_ext_sA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrGetProcessLuid
Symbol: oleaut32_SysStringByteLen
Symbol: msvcrt20_freopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbstok
Symbol: wow32_WOWHandle32
Symbol: rtm_MgmRegisterMProtocol
Symbol: odbcconf_IsModuleLoadedByProcessEx
Symbol: ntmsapi_CloseNtmsSession
Symbol: npptools_SetStringInBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40_isdigit
Symbol: msvcrt40__wmkdir
Symbol: msvcrt40__mktemp
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsset
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbscpy
Symbol: msvcp50__Strcoll
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtBoolFromErrVar
Symbol: mspmsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiReinstallProductW
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetBestInterfaceFromStack
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ReadPacketName
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Normalize
Symbol: laprxy_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__tolower
Symbol: crtdll__strncnt
Symbol: msvcrt__tempnam
Symbol: user32_LoadMenuW
Symbol: wsock32_recvfrom
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetContextThread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwImpersonateAnonymousToken
Symbol: gdi32_EngTextOut
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackUnquotedMangledRdnA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerInitializeMarshall
Symbol: wintrust_TrustFreeDecode
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileAttributes
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFormatKBSizeW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegSetUSValueW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_IntlStrEqWorkerA
Symbol: msvcp60__Strcoll
Symbol: lame_enc_beWriteVBRHeader
Symbol: winmm_mciGetErrorStringW
Symbol: kernel32_CommConfigDialogA
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumMonitors
Symbol: msvcrt20__unlink
Symbol: winfax_FaxStartPrintJobW
Symbol: upnpui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: setupdll_GetWindowsNtDir
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaGetLogFileNameA
Symbol: msvcrt40_isgraph
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__tzname
Symbol: msvcrt40__stati64
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsrev
Symbol: msvcirt__mtlock
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtBoolFromErrVar
Symbol: shell32_StrNCpyA
Symbol: shell32_StrCpyNA
Symbol: wmasf_ASFFindHeaderObject
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Normalize
Symbol: msvcrt__wfdopen
Symbol: msvcrt__wctime64
Symbol: msvcrt__mbbtype
Symbol: user32_KillTimer
Symbol: ntdll__snprintf
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSelfRelativeToAbsoluteSD2
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRandom
Symbol: msdart_lstrcatI
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsSameNodeW
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFOpen
Symbol: mpr_WNetDisconnectDialog2
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextTstLe
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteToMemByVXD
Symbol: avwav_WavRecord
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetConnection3
Symbol: query_CITextToSelectTree
Symbol: regapi_RegMergeUserConfigWithUserParameters
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_EndDrag
Symbol: msvcrt20_tmpfile
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexecv
Symbol: msvcrt20__assert
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintJobDel
Symbol: wow32_WOWHandle16
Symbol: nview_WMExceptionSetting
Symbol: usp10_UspFreeMem
Symbol: usp10_ScriptApplyDigitSubstitution
Symbol: pnrpNsp_DllMain
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlGetTagToken
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaStopW
Symbol: msvfw32_ICRemove
Symbol: msvcrt40_freopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbstok
Symbol: lmrt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: duser_DUserRegisterSuper
Symbol: msvcrt__mbctype
Symbol: msvcrt__futime64
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetElementGenericTableAvl
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Remove_SubTree_Ex
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Dup_Range_List
Symbol: rpcrt4_long_from_ndr_temp
Symbol: ole32_CoReleaseMarshalData
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluNodeNotifyA
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPPutSignedDataMsg
Symbol: WININET_HttpOpenRequestA
Symbol: WININET_ForceNexusLookup
Symbol: expsrv_CreateIExprSrvObj
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgStartServices
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathAddBackslashA
Symbol: GEARAspi_GASPIBlockDevice
Symbol: query_CiSvcMain
Symbol: kernel32_ScrollConsoleScreenBufferA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasConnectionNotificationA
Symbol: setupapi_MyFree
Symbol: msvcrt20__setjmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsspn
Symbol: wshext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: usp10_ScriptGetProperties
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeleteRouteToDest
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingSelect
Symbol: rasppp_RasSrvrInitialize
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCreateObjectWithFormat
Symbol: msvcrt40__unlink
Symbol: jet500_JetIndexRecordCount
Symbol: shell32_StrChrIW
Symbol: crtdll_strftime
Symbol: crtdll__toupper
Symbol: crtdll__spawnvp
Symbol: msvcrt__wgetcwd
Symbol: msvcrt__fstati64
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetSystemEnvironmentValue
Symbol: ntdll_LdrShutdownProcess
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIQuerySiteInfo
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetProviderTypeA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextTstNe
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetAllSettings
Symbol: ddraw_ReleaseDDThreadLock
Symbol: netapi32_NetMessageNameAdd
Symbol: vxpsapi_ForceQuitProcess
Symbol: winmm_midiStreamProperty
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSLogoffSession
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_WaitServicesAvailable
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsncat
Symbol: nview_NVUnicode
Symbol: tapi32_GetTapi16CallbackMsg
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminBufferFree
Symbol: ntsdexts_htrace
Symbol: ntmsapi_IdentifyNtmsSlot
Symbol: msvcrt40_tmpfile
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexecv
Symbol: msvcrt40__assert
Symbol: msports_LibMain
Symbol: mspatcha_ApplyPatchToFileByHandles
Symbol: ftsrch_ScanText
Symbol: d3dim_PaletteUpdateNotify
Symbol: crtdll_vfprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_getwchar
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsicmp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbscspn
Symbol: msvcrt__cprintf
Symbol: user32_ShowCaret
Symbol: authz_AuthzInitializeObjectAccessAuditEvent
Symbol: gdi32_CreateBitmapIndirect
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrAsyncClientCall
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareSetInfoA
Symbol: WININET_InternetTimeToSystemTimeW
Symbol: mpr_WNetDirectoryNotifyA
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreateFromClip
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleInetDateToFileTime
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleFileTimeToInetDate
Symbol: dpmodemx_SPInit
Symbol: msutb_GetLibTls
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilPrintOid
Symbol: VBAME_ResetFontCacheBiVBA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueCopyA
Symbol: msvcrt20__wrmdir
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnl
Symbol: msvcrt20__pctype
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxEdit
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrinterDataW
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupDeleteRecord
Symbol: nwprovau_NwEnumGWDevices
Symbol: msvcrt40__setjmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsspn
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRate
Symbol: msvbvm50__CIsqrt
Symbol: msapsspc_AcquireCredentialsHandleW
Symbol: input_CPlApplet
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumuiv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMBeginFontChange
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundCreate8
Symbol: crtdll_iswalnum
Symbol: crtdll_fwprintf
Symbol: syssetup_SetupOobeInitPreServices
Symbol: syssetup_PrepareForAudit
Symbol: msvcrt__wexecve
Symbol: msvcrt__strdate
Symbol: msvcrt___iscsym
Symbol: user32_DdeQueryNextServer
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWriteRequestData
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseAdd
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetBootOption
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStringMarshall
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetMonthOfYear
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_DisableDAC
Symbol: netapi32_NetScheduleJobAdd
Symbol: itss_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt20_swscanf
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsdup
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsset
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIsqrt
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetDigitalVibranceLevel
Symbol: upnp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsncat
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRate
Symbol: msvbvm60__CIsqrt
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcRightTrimBstr
Symbol: ciadmin_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: syssetup_OpkCheckVersion
Symbol: msvcrt__wexeclp
Symbol: user32_EnumDesktopWindows
Symbol: user32_CharPrevW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetLastError
Symbol: ntdll_LdrAlternateResourcesEnabled
Symbol: msdart_SetWindowLongPtrI
Symbol: vxblock_QueryCd
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextTstEq
Symbol: URLMON_UrlMkBuildVersion
Symbol: mscoree__CorValidateImage
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathStripToRootA
Symbol: dsquery_OpenSavedDsQuery
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonGetDirectDomain
Symbol: advapi32_WmiGetTraceHeader
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcpy
Symbol: kernel32_SetMessageWaitingIndicator
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Custom_Property_ExW
Symbol: msvcrt20_memmove
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsrev
Symbol: msvcrt20__onexit
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbslwr
Symbol: nview_NVResetToSingleMon
Symbol: tapi32_lineAddToConference
Symbol: security_VerifySignature
Symbol: scredir_SCardLocateCardsA
Symbol: scredir_SCardIntroduceReaderGroupA
Symbol: rastapi_PortGetPortState
Symbol: msvcrt40__wrmdir
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnl
Symbol: msvcrt40__pctype
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRightTrimBstr
Symbol: lprhelp_OpenLPR
Symbol: quartz_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dpvvox_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dpwsockx_DPWS_BuildIPMessageHeader
Symbol: crtdll_wcstombs
Symbol: crtdll_mbstowcs
Symbol: crtdll__strnset
Symbol: msvcrt__fpreset
Symbol: ntdll_ZwGetPlugPlayEvent
Symbol: esent_JetEndExternalBackupInstance
Symbol: rtutils_TraceRegisterExW
Symbol: gdi32_STROBJ_dwGetCodePage
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerInqCallAttributesA
Symbol: mpr_WNetConnectionDialog2
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateMessageParts
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrStreamSeekBegin
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetNameValidate
Symbol: catsrvps_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_control_freeA
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSSetSessionInformationW
Symbol: HAL_KeAcquireInStackQueuedSpinLock
Symbol: kernel32_GetDiskFreeSpaceA
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcscoll
Symbol: msvcrt20_putchar
Symbol: msvcrt20_longjmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcstok
Symbol: mslbui_CTFGetLangBarAddIn
Symbol: iuctl_CtlCancelEngineLoad
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindDependentDiskResourceDriveLetter
Symbol: rasser_PortGetStatistics
Symbol: pdh_PdhListLogFileHeaderA
Symbol: msvcrt40_swscanf
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsdup
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIsqrt
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumulv
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddCERW
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSICloseDSObject
Symbol: msvcrt_iswalpha
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnle
Symbol: user32_DrawTextA
Symbol: user32_CharNextW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSIsLicenseEnforceEnable
Symbol: wsock32_s_perror
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLoadKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtSaveKey
Symbol: msdart_lstrlenI
Symbol: advpack_AddDelBackupEntry
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1CatNameValueEncode
Symbol: scecli_SceGetScpProfileDescription
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Replace
Symbol: msvcrt20_fgetpos
Symbol: msvcrt20__wpopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsset
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsupr
Symbol: utildll_GetUnknownString
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetProxyStatus
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindDwordProperty
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpWriteData
Symbol: msvcrt40_memmove
Symbol: msvcrt40__onexit
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbslwr
Symbol: msvcp50__Tolower
Symbol: iasacct_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_StrStrIA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Unproject
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkD3dContextDestroyAll
Symbol: apphelp_SdbCloseApphelpInformation
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProblenWizard_RunDLLA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenProcessToken
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CMP_UnregisterNotification
Symbol: colbact_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheContainerA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHOpenRegStream2A
Symbol: msvcp60__Tolower
Symbol: lame_enc_lame_mp3_tags_fid
Symbol: advapi32_GetWindowsAccountDomainSid
Symbol: kernel32_LZStart
Symbol: kernel32_EnumCalendarInfoA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamReadData
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCopyErrorA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Log_Conf
Symbol: msvcrt20_isalnum
Symbol: msvcrt20_fprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsrev
Symbol: msvcrt20__pgmptr
Symbol: spoolss_StartPagePrinter
Symbol: p2p_PeerFreeData
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcscoll
Symbol: msvcrt40_putchar
Symbol: msvcrt40_longjmp
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcJoin
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcBstrFromError
Symbol: mssign32_PvkFreeCryptProv
Symbol: mciole32_DllCreateFromFile
Symbol: loghours_ReplicationScheduleDialog
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv4StringToAddressExA
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv4AddressToStringExA
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalGetIpForwardTable
Symbol: icaapi__IcaStackIoControl
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Transform
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnset
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsncpy
Symbol: user32_SetParent
Symbol: ntdll_iswxdigit
Symbol: ntdll_ZwPowerInformation
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeGenericTableAvl
Symbol: netui1_MxAsciifyRpcBuffer
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsMakePasswordCredentialsA
Symbol: lz32_LZOpenFileW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrDupA
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNMMDVDROMCloseDevice
Symbol: advapi32_LsaOpenTrustedDomainByName
Symbol: msvcrt20__wutime
Symbol: msvcrt20__winver
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsspn
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsstr
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServiceEnum
Symbol: WshRm_WSHStringToAddress
Symbol: WshRm_WSHAddressToString
Symbol: wlnotify_SensUnlockEvent
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlIsHelpToken
Symbol: perfctrs_CloseTcpIpPerformanceData
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpCreateUrl
Symbol: msvcrt40_fgetpos
Symbol: msvcrt40__wpopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsset
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsupr
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcBstrFromError
Symbol: mmutilse_memset
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportRegKey2InfW
Symbol: shell32_StrNCmpW
Symbol: shell32_StrCmpNW
Symbol: dbghelp_SearchTreeForFile
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMCreateColorRGBA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Transform
Symbol: crtdll_iswcntrl
Symbol: syssetup_SetupDestroyLanguageList
Symbol: msvcrt_iswascii
Symbol: user32_UnionRect
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSubAuthoritySid
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenKey
Symbol: ntdll_LdrFindCreateProcessManifest
Symbol: gdi32_XLATEOBJ_cGetPalette
Symbol: clbcatq_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubDllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_ShowSecurityInfo
Symbol: WININET_InternetOpenUrlW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextTstGt
Symbol: MSOERT2_DeleteTempFileOnShutdownEx
Symbol: anvioctl_InPort
Symbol: winmm_mmioFlush
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_conn_from_msg
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__wsopen
Symbol: w32topl_ToplFree
Symbol: perfctrs_CollectIPXPerformanceData
Symbol: msvcrt40_isalnum
Symbol: msvcrt40_fprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsrev
Symbol: msvcrt40__pgmptr
Symbol: msvcp50__Toupper
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaObjSetAddref
Symbol: mmutilse_wcslen
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv6StringToAddressExA
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv6AddressToStringExA
Symbol: glu32_gluGetNurbsProperty
Symbol: shell32_StrRChrW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Transform
Symbol: ieaksie_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt____mb_cur_max_func
Symbol: user32_GetWindow
Symbol: shmedia_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWaitLowEventPair
Symbol: ntdll_RtlOpenCurrentUser
Symbol: mswsock_StartWsdpService
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetCharDimensions
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingStructBufferSize
Symbol: ole32_CoIsHandlerConnected
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_CLASS_AddRef
Symbol: ddraw_AcquireDDThreadLock
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCandidateListA
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLNumResultCols
Symbol: msvcp60__Toupper
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileFriendlyNameExA
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcspbrk
Symbol: ir50_qcx_AllocInstanceData
Symbol: ir41_qcx_AllocInstanceData
Symbol: osuninst_ProvideUiAlerts
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetBinaryProperty
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceOpenLogFile
Symbol: occache_IsModuleRemovable
Symbol: msvcrt40__wutime
Symbol: msvcrt40__winver
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsstr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaObjSetAddref
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetIndexedString
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetConfiguration
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteMScope
Symbol: deskadp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIExecuteSearch
Symbol: crtdll_iswctype
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetServerSPK
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1utf8string_free
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFormatCurrency
Symbol: olecli32_OleSavedClientDoc
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreateFromFile
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigClientA
Symbol: imeshare_FFundamentalIMEColorStyle
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLGetStmtOption
Symbol: query_CollectFILTERPerformanceData
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_ext_s
Symbol: advapi32_GetNumberOfEventLogRecords
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageDirectoryEntryToData
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileDeleteLine
Symbol: rasman_RasGetCalledIdInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveInstallSectionFromDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: msvcrt20_ungetwc
Symbol: msvcrt20__isatty
Symbol: spoolss_InitializeRouter
Symbol: rtm_RtmAddRoute
Symbol: oledlg_OleUICanConvertOrActivateAs
Symbol: odbcjt32_InvisibleSelectDb
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__wsopen
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcNPer
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFileCloseAll
Symbol: kerberos_KerbCreateTokenFromTicket
Symbol: glu32_gluNewTess
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_WriteDottedNameToPacket
Symbol: opengl32_GlmfBeginGlsBlock
Symbol: adsldpc_SortAndRemoveDuplicateOIDs
Symbol: crtdll__strspnp
Symbol: msvcrt_iswspace
Symbol: msvcrt__wgetenv
Symbol: user32_SendInput
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertVariantToProperty
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertPropertyToVariant
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_bind
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_HW_Prof_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_IsValidEnhMetaRecord
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingStructUnmarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRCContextBinding
Symbol: ole32_WriteFmtUserTypeStg
Symbol: samsrv_SamIUnLoadDownlevelDatabase
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareGetInfoW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaForEachCollAd
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDatabaseSync
Symbol: GEARAspi_SendASPI32Command
Symbol: winmm_mixerOpen
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByType
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcslwr
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnv
Symbol: msrating_VerifySupervisorPassword
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateLangBarMgr
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccountSync
Symbol: spoolss_MarshallUpStructuresArray
Symbol: rasser_PortSend
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupGetEventData
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcspbrk
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcNPer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFileCloseAll
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtBstrFromErrVar
Symbol: iprtprio_GetPriorityInfo
Symbol: ieakeng_IsADMFileVisibleW
Symbol: glmf32_glsNumusv
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddCRLW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMForceFontChange
Symbol: msvcrt__isctype
Symbol: msvcrt__environ
Symbol: user32_OpenWindowStationW
Symbol: netui1_MNetServiceGetInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRangeUnmarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrCorrelationFree
Symbol: olecli32_LeCreateInvisible
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrFreeAttachData
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_PostTVSet
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCatW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindFileNameA
Symbol: credui_CredUIReadSSOCredA
Symbol: credui_CredUIPromptForCredentialsA
Symbol: netapi32_NetMessageNameDel
Symbol: hnetcfg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyMachineAccount
Symbol: licmgr10_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetPosition
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_ext_sA
Symbol: advapi32_GetOverlappedAccessResults
Symbol: msvcrt20_strncat
Symbol: msvcrt20_setvbuf
Symbol: msvcrt20_iscntrl
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserGetInfo
Symbol: scarddlg_GetOpenCardNameW
Symbol: rasser_PortChangeCallback
Symbol: msvcrt40_ungetwc
Symbol: msvcrt40__isatty
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtBstrFromErrVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarStrFromVar
Symbol: jsproxy_DllMain
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetTimePosition
Symbol: dxdiagn_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt__wfsopen
Symbol: msvcrt__wexecvp
Symbol: msvcrt__stricmp
Symbol: msvcrt__strcmpi
Symbol: user32_WCSToMBEx
Symbol: user32_MBToWCSEx
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevControl
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrDllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: WININET_HttpSendRequestW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextTstLt
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInputCharCount
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreateInvisible
Symbol: inetcfg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete_ext_sW
Symbol: advapi32_GetExplicitEntriesFromAclW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasExesLengthW
Symbol: printui_vServerPropPages
Symbol: avifil32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: VBAME_WCheckPlatformBiVBA
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsupr
Symbol: wshatm_WSHIoctl
Symbol: nvcpl_resetview
Symbol: winstrm_s_ioctl
Symbol: w32topl_ToplSTHeapDestroy
Symbol: usp10_LpkPresent
Symbol: uniplat_ReinitOverStruct
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressCapsA
Symbol: netman_HrRasConnectionNameFromGuid
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnv
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarStrFromVar
Symbol: jobexec_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCompareEx_A
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddCTLW
Symbol: wmi_StartTraceW
Symbol: crtdll_vsprintf
Symbol: crtdll_iswlower
Symbol: msvcrt_wcsftime
Symbol: msvcrt__wcstoi64
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsspnp
Symbol: user32_SwitchToThisWindow
Symbol: cryptui_I_CryptUIProtect
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareDelSticky
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLColAttributeW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSmClientFree
Symbol: wups_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msftedit_IID_IRichEditOle
Symbol: netapi32_NetScheduleJobDel
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleDcAsReplica
Symbol: query_CITextToFullTreeEx
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxSendAutoReconnectStatus
Symbol: McGDMgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemDefaultUILanguage
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcscspn
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcslwr
Symbol: msvcrt20__strdup
Symbol: msvcrt20__putenv
Symbol: msvcrt20__CIatan2
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplSetDigitalVibranceLevel
Symbol: ir50_32_ConfigureDialogProc
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminDisconnect
Symbol: pdh_PdhParseInstanceNameA
Symbol: odbcconf_SetActionLogFile
Symbol: msvcrt40_strncat
Symbol: msvcrt40_setvbuf
Symbol: msvcrt40_iscntrl
Symbol: mciole32_DllCreateFromClip
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADoTest
Symbol: jet500_JetMakeKey
Symbol: jet500_JetCompact
Symbol: shell32_StrRStrA
Symbol: cabview_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll_swprintf
Symbol: crtdll_iswpunct
Symbol: syssetup_AsrAddSifEntryW
Symbol: msvcrt__wtmpnam
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnve
Symbol: user32_wsprintfA
Symbol: user32_GetCursor
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetSystemEnvironmentValue
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryDepthSList
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetLastNtStatus
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAssert
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrSpnA
Symbol: winmm_mmioOpenW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDefaultQueueCallback
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsstr
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplIsExternalPowerConnectorAttached
Symbol: tapi32_lineGenerateDigitsA
Symbol: security_AcquireCredentialsHandleW
Symbol: raschap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: pdh_PdhLogServiceCommandA
Symbol: ntmsapi_OpenNtmsSessionW
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpTimeFromSystemTime
Symbol: msvcp50__Strxfrm
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMIRR
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIPMT
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInputCountVar
Symbol: kbdgae_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCCheckSequence
Symbol: cliconfg_OnInitDialogMain
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventShutdown
Symbol: msvcrt_iswdigit
Symbol: msvcrt__wutime64
Symbol: msvcrt__wremove
Symbol: msvcrt__wmktemp
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnlp
Symbol: netui1_MxMapSetinfoBuffer
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Version_Ex
Symbol: schannel_QuerySecurityPackageInfoA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsGetDomainControllerInfoA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStructMarshall
Symbol: catsrvut_WinlogonHandlePendingInfOperations
Symbol: SHDOCVW_OpenURL
Symbol: msvcp60__Strxfrm
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_ext_sW
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayAllocDescriptorEx
Symbol: usrlbva_ExtInit
Symbol: msvcrt20_strcoll
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsupr
Symbol: nwprovau_NPAddConnection3
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcscspn
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcslwr
Symbol: msvcrt40__strdup
Symbol: msvcrt40__putenv
Symbol: msvcrt40__CIatan2
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMIRR
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIPMT
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInputCountVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaExitEachColl
Symbol: mlang_IsConvertINetStringAvailable
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_AllocateMsgBuf
Symbol: dmutil_DisplayErrorRgszw
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddSPCW
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapReadAttribute
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadBYTETagRef
Symbol: crtdll_iswupper
Symbol: msvcrt_isxdigit
Symbol: msvcrt_iswgraph
Symbol: msvcrt__wstati64
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInsertElementGenericTable
Symbol: ODBC32_ODBCQualifyFileDSNW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrUserMarshalFree
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcSsDontSerializeContext
Symbol: olecli32_DefLoadFromStream
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bDdHslQueryCIInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrChrW
Symbol: xolehlp_DtcGetTransactionManagerEx
Symbol: scecli_SceAddToObjectList
Symbol: winmm_mmsystemGetVersion
Symbol: winmm_mmioWrite
Symbol: advapi32_SaferComputeTokenFromLevel
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enumerate_EnumeratorsA
Symbol: msvcrt20_fsetpos
Symbol: msvcrt20__strset
Symbol: nview_KSSetting
Symbol: spoolss_GetJobW
Symbol: p2pGraph_DllMain
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetNextHopPointer
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupUpdateRecord
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIChangeSourceA
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiCreateObjectPropSubset
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaExitEachColl
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdCallSt
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIGetReadMail
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetUiReportHook
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsUpdateTest_UTF8
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetClassInfo
Symbol: dciman32_DCISetSrcDestClip
Symbol: opengl32_glEdgeFlagPointer
Symbol: opengl32_GlmfCloseMetaFile
Symbol: crtdll_vwprintf
Symbol: crtdll_iswprint
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsnset
Symbol: actxprxy_GetProxyDllInfo
Symbol: crypt32_PFXVerifyPassword
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnwind
Symbol: msdart_lstrcpyI
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrByteCountPointerMarshall
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreateFromClip
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bDdHslQueryCIInfo
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_rename_ext_sW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumerateTrustedDomains
Symbol: advapi32_I_ScSendTSMessage
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetIcon
Symbol: imagehlp_SymMatchFileName
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupSetNoDriverPrompts
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiGetResponse
Symbol: msvcrt20_islower
Symbol: msvcrt20__strrev
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxMove
Symbol: wow32_WOWGetVDMPointerFix
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmCallbackDone
Symbol: perfctrs_CollectSPXPerformanceData
Symbol: ocmanage_OcGetWizardPages
Symbol: msvcrt40_strcoll
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsupr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdCallSt
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATAdminReleaseContext
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportLDAPBitmapA
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateFromData
Symbol: glmf32_glsDeleteReadPrefix
Symbol: iuengine_EngRebootMachine
Symbol: msvcrt__wunlink
Symbol: msvcrt__strtime
Symbol: powrprof_SetSuspendState
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryOpenSubKeys
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_exec
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsCrackUnquotedMangledRdnW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpReleaseTypeFormatString
Symbol: ole32_WdtpInterfacePointer_UserFree
Symbol: ole32_HACCEL_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: expsrv_rtcCurrentDirBstr
Symbol: expsrv_rtcHexBstrFromVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaEraseKeepData
Symbol: SHLWAPI_IntlStrEqWorkerW
Symbol: winmm_PlaySound
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_addA
Symbol: kernel32_CommConfigDialogW
Symbol: msvcrt20_sprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20_ispunct
Symbol: winntbbu_SetProgressText
Symbol: rasser_PortOpen
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaGetLogFileNameW
Symbol: odbcconf_SetActionLogMode
Symbol: msvcrt40_fsetpos
Symbol: msvcrt40__strset
Symbol: kbdmac_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: shell32_StrNCpyW
Symbol: shell32_StrCpyNW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteSubnet
Symbol: dciman32_DCISetDestination
Symbol: certcli_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: syssetup_UpgradePrinters
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSaveKey
Symbol: ntdll_NlsMbOemCodePageTag
Symbol: netui1_MNetConnectionEnum
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_done
Symbol: expsrv_rtcOctBstrFromVar
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpW
Symbol: imm32_ImmCallImeConsoleIME
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingGetPolicyInformationA
Symbol: HAL_HalGetBusDataByOffset
Symbol: advapi32_GetAclInformation
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_DeleteAllPtrs
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsncpy
Symbol: msvcrt20_strncmp
Symbol: utildll_CalculateDiffTime
Symbol: msvcrt40_islower
Symbol: msvcrt40__strrev
Symbol: mmutilse_strlen
Symbol: kbdcan_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: dsprop_Smart_PADS_ATTR_INFO__Empty
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpCreateSubnet
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCAT
Symbol: bidispl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll_towlower
Symbol: crtdll_strerror
Symbol: schedsvc_SchedServiceMain
Symbol: wsock32_shutdown
Symbol: esent_JetGetSecondaryIndexBookmark
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTablePrivilegesA
Symbol: ole32_CoGetStandardMarshal
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluNodeNotifyW
Symbol: WININET_InternetQueryDataAvailable
Symbol: WININET_HttpOpenRequestW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargObjAddref
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemCallLd
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathAddBackslashW
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleRegisterWndClassInfoA
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingFreePolicyInformation
Symbol: kernel32_ScrollConsoleScreenBufferW
Symbol: kernel32_DebugBreakProcess
Symbol: rasapi32_RasConnectionNotificationW
Symbol: msvcrt20_strrchr
Symbol: msvcrt20_strpbrk
Symbol: msvcrt20_isupper
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminProfileGet
Symbol: rasser_PortInit
Symbol: msvcrt40_sprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40_ispunct
Symbol: mp43dmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iphlpapi_NotifyAddrChange
Symbol: ieakeng_MigrateFavoritesA
Symbol: hid_HidD_SetConfiguration
Symbol: filemgmt_CacheSettingsDlg
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCAExpiration
Symbol: cdfview_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetSyntaxIdOfAttribute
Symbol: iuengine_CompleteSelfUpdateProcess
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSLookupServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLookupElementGenericTable
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Remove_SubTree
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetProviderTypeW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcShell
Symbol: olecli32_LeSetTargetDevice
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLSetStmtOption
Symbol: scecli_SceCompareNameList
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_free_controls
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_controls_free
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpOpen
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleScreenBufferSize
Symbol: rasman_RasSetCalledIdInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassImageIndex
Symbol: msvcrt20_vprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20_isprint
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcl0
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateDisplayAttributeMgr
Symbol: unimdmat_UmDeinitializeModemDriver
Symbol: spoolss_StartDocPrinterW
Symbol: rasser_PortEnum
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsncpy
Symbol: msvcrt40_strncmp
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcPPMT
Symbol: wmadmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateMultiProfileTransform
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCER
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapAttributeFree
Symbol: wmi_CreateTraceInstanceId
Symbol: dpwsockx_SPInit
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnl
Symbol: msvcrt__tolower
Symbol: msvcrt__pwctype
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBServerDisconnect
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateDebugObject
Symbol: netui1_MNetServiceInstall
Symbol: netui1_I_MNetLogonControl
Symbol: msdart_MPInitializeCriticalSection
Symbol: gdi32_EngStrokeAndFillPath
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeShareSetInfoW
Symbol: mpr_WNetDirectoryNotifyW
Symbol: mscoree_GetHashFromHandle
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrGetCertKeyUsage
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrStrA
Symbol: imm32_ImmSendIMEMessageExA
Symbol: offfilt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kernel32_GetExitCodeThread
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueCopyW
Symbol: msvcrt20_wprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsxfrm
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcl1
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetConnectOptionW
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolGetInterfaceParams
Symbol: msvcrt40_strrchr
Symbol: msvcrt40_strpbrk
Symbol: msvcrt40_isupper
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcPPMT
Symbol: iprtprio_SetPriorityInfo
Symbol: icm32_CMCheckColorsInGamut
Symbol: shell32_SHCoCreateInstance
Symbol: esent97_JetGetDatabaseInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_SkipPacketName
Symbol: dpvoice_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll_towupper
Symbol: syssetup_SetupRegisterOsComponent
Symbol: wmadmoe_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: esent_JetReadFileInstance
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_SizeA
Symbol: ole32_CoUnmarshalInterface
Symbol: ddraw_RegisterSpecialCase
Symbol: winmm_joyGetPos
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSDToSDDomainA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDestroyProcess
Symbol: kernel32_IsValidUILanguage
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbcl2
Symbol: msctf_TF_DllDetachInOther
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserSetInfo
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIPasteSpecialA
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiAddObjectProp
Symbol: msvcrt40_vprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40_isprint
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcl0
Symbol: kbdnec_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSSetTimePosition
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetInterfaceInfo
Symbol: dbghelp_SymFindFileInPath
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtAddPFXW
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateIndexMaker
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetSyntaxOfAttribute
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapMakeSchemaCacheObsolete
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadWORDTagRef
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetTagDataSize
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminBufferFree
Symbol: esent_JetRegisterCallback
Symbol: msdart_CreateFileMappingI
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcFreeAuthorizationContext
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrAsyncServerCall
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminReleaseCatalogContext
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrAthGetFileName
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathStripToRootW
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonGetSerialNumber
Symbol: scecli_SceCopyBaseProfile
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvIsConnectionConnected
Symbol: usrcntra_CheckBlacklistMgrContents
Symbol: msvcrt20_tolower
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetWkstaSetUID
Symbol: spoolss_ReplyOpenPrinter
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphStartup
Symbol: scredir_SCardLocateCardsW
Symbol: scredir_SCardIntroduceReaderGroupW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLAllocEnv
Symbol: msvcrt40_wprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsxfrm
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcl1
Symbol: msisam11_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetBufferInfo
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDeleteServer
Symbol: msvcrt_strftime
Symbol: msvcrt_putwchar
Symbol: msvcrt__toupper
Symbol: msvcrt__strtoi64
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnvp
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSetProviderU
Symbol: activeds_AdsFreeAdsValues
Symbol: davclnt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netui1_MAllocMem
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data_Size_Ex
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerInqCallAttributesW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerContextNewMarshall
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssReceiptRequestDecodeEx
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrIsStreamUnicode
Symbol: wuaueng1_DllMain
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegisterValidateTemplate
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCanonicalizeA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetDomainName
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_count_valuesA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_control_freeW
Symbol: kernel32_GetDiskFreeSpaceW
Symbol: kernel32_DnsHostnameToComputerNameA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassNameFromGuidA
Symbol: msvcrt20_strcspn
Symbol: msvcrt20__strlwr
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetSessionEnum
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetResourceDependencyByName
Symbol: pdh_PdhListLogFileHeaderW
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbcl2
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetBestInterface
Symbol: iepeers_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCommandAttrib
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdReleaseDC
Symbol: d3dim700_Direct3D_HALCleanUp
Symbol: msvcrt_vfprintf
Symbol: user32_SetCursor
Symbol: user32_DrawTextW
Symbol: user32_DdeFreeStringHandle
Symbol: ntdll___eFADDreg
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryBootOptions
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsMapSchemaGuidsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcFree
Symbol: WININET_RetrieveUrlCacheEntryFileA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpIsUncComputerNameValid
Symbol: scecli_SceCreateDirectory
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_InitP3
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_resultA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamGetFrame
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetSelectedDriverA
Symbol: xenroll_PIEnroll2GetNoCOM
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplForceSecondaryCrtDetect
Symbol: sqlwoa__tsystem
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtInqExpAge
Symbol: ntmarta_AccFreeIndexArray
Symbol: msvcrt40_tolower
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATAdminAcquireContext
Symbol: jgaw400_JgARawDecodeGetData
Symbol: iphlpapi_IpReleaseAddress
Symbol: shell32_StrStrIW
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterFromNetInterface
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDAdd
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProblenWizard_RunDLLW
Symbol: msvcrt_iswalnum
Symbol: msvcrt_fwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__wpgmptr
Symbol: msvcrt__wperror
Symbol: user32_CascadeChildWindows
Symbol: gdi32_NamedEscape
Symbol: gdi32_GetFontUnicodeRanges
Symbol: WININET_FindNextUrlCacheContainerW
Symbol: mscoree_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: anvioctl_LCDCTL_UnderScan
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHOpenRegStream2W
Symbol: riched20_IID_ITextServices
Symbol: kernel32_EnumCalendarInfoW
Symbol: oleaut32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rasman_RasAddNotification
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCopyErrorW
Symbol: msvcrt20_toupper
Symbol: msvcrt20__strupr
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColumnPrivilegesW
Symbol: netcfgx_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt40_strcspn
Symbol: msvcrt40__strlwr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarIndexLoad
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv4StringToAddressExW
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv4AddressToStringExW
Symbol: fontsub_CreateFontPackage
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordSetDetach
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpCreateOption
Symbol: ddrawex_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: user32_IsCharAlphaNumericA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecAlignment
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaFreeInfo
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsMakePasswordCredentialsW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPointerMarshall
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetPasswordForeignUser2
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetPropertyTextA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcArray
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpI2
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrDupW
Symbol: advapi32_SynchronizeWindows31FilesAndWindowsNTRegistry
Symbol: advapi32_EncryptionDisable
Symbol: kernel32_TransactNamedPipe
Symbol: rasman_RasReferenceRasman
Symbol: xenroll_PIEnroll4GetNoCOM
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQPause
Symbol: wowfaxui_DevQueryPrintEx
Symbol: tapi32_lineTranslateDialog
Symbol: spoolss_SetJobW
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetListEnumRoutes
Symbol: odbcjt32_RepairCompactProc
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarIndexLoad
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpSetUiReportHook
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateExtensionServices
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_SendAndRecvUdp
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCRL
Symbol: msvcrt_wcstombs
Symbol: msvcrt_mbstowcs
Symbol: msvcrt__strnset
Symbol: user32_DdeKeepStringHandle
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFirstEntrySList
Symbol: gdi32_GetBitmapDimensionEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFullPointerFree
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_act_on
Symbol: comsnap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: winmm_midiInPrepareHeader
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcstoul
Symbol: themeui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: resutils_ClusWorkerStart
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLProcedureColumnsW
Symbol: odbctrac_FireVSDebugEvent
Symbol: msvcrt40_toupper
Symbol: msvcrt40__strupr
Symbol: mciole32_DllLoadFromStream
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv6StringToAddressExW
Symbol: iphlpapi_RtlIpv6AddressToStringExW
Symbol: shell32_SHFreeNameMappings
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_GetIpAddresses
Symbol: deskmon_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetModuleBase64
Symbol: dbghelp_ImageRvaToSection
Symbol: syssetup_CreateLocalAdminAccountEx
Symbol: user32_SendDlgItemMessageA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsRangeAvailable
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeCriticalSection
Symbol: netui1_MNetSessionGetInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_LockHandle
Symbol: ole32_CoLockObjectExternal
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPGetInfo
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGet3
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpI4
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetClientInfo
Symbol: ati3d1ag_vDVDHSLUpdatePDEV
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCandidateListW
Symbol: comrepl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileFriendlyNameExW
Symbol: msvcrt20___CxxFrameHandler
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetFileGetInfo2
Symbol: w32topl_ToplDeleteSpanningTreeEdges
Symbol: usp10_ScriptCacheGetHeight
Symbol: synceng_FindNextBriefcase
Symbol: sprio600_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: setupdll_ConfigFileAppend
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtSetExpAge
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLCopyDesc
Symbol: nwprovau_LsaApCallPackage
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK_AddRef
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAStatus
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetData
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCTL
Symbol: loadperf_BackupPerfRegistryToFileW
Symbol: user32_UnregisterDeviceNotification
Symbol: esent_JetSetCurrentIndex2
Symbol: esent_JetExternalRestore2
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetPrivateProfileString
Symbol: msdart_GetModuleFileNameI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_REFERENCED_DOMAIN_LIST
Symbol: colbact_GetClassInfoForCurrentUser
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGet4
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetCreateZoneManager
Symbol: inetcfg_InetConfigClientW
Symbol: ati3d2ag_vDVDHSLUpdatePDEV
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCpyW
Symbol: sti_ci_AddDevice
Symbol: kbdgkl_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: vdmredir_VrRemoveOpenNamedPipeInfo
Symbol: HAL_HalSetBusDataByOffset
Symbol: advapi32_WmiExecuteMethodA
Symbol: advapi32_SetAclInformation
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveInstallSectionFromDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCreateDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: msvcrt20_strncpy
Symbol: tapi3_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shimeng_SE_GetProcAddress
Symbol: scredir_SCardListReadersA
Symbol: rasppp_StartPPP
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupImportConfig
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcstoul
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK_AddRef
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaHresultCheck
Symbol: iashlpr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_SHSetLocalizedName
Symbol: shell32_SHStartNetConnectionDialogW
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindNextTagRef
Symbol: shfolder_SHGetFolderPathA
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnv
Symbol: user32_DdeAddData
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetMessageCertificates
Symbol: netui1_MNetServiceControl
Symbol: esent_JetSetCurrentIndex3
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1charstring_free
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrCorrelationPass
Symbol: msrd2x40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_FindCloseUrlCache
Symbol: MSOERT2_RicheditStreamOut
Symbol: imeshare_FSpecialTextIMEColorStyle
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetAppCompatFlags
Symbol: msnsspc_EnumerateSecurityPackagesA
Symbol: kbdycc_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: HAL_IoFlushAdapterBuffers
Symbol: pngfilt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: userenv_LeaveCriticalPolicySection
Symbol: sprio800_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shscrap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rtm_RtmInsertInRouteList
Symbol: rtm_RtmDereferenceHandles
Symbol: p2pnetsh_DllMain
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeNFAData
Symbol: msvcrt40___CxxFrameHandler
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaHresultCheck
Symbol: mmutilse_strcpy
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpDoTest
Symbol: devenum_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CreateSocketEx
Symbol: certcli_CASetCAExpiration
Symbol: certmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt_iswcntrl
Symbol: user32_GetReasonTitleFromReasonCode
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminBufferFree
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryOpenSubKeys
Symbol: esent_JetSetCurrentIndex4
Symbol: gdi32_TranslateCharsetInfo
Symbol: gdi32_AddFontMemResourceEx
Symbol: samsrv_SampAbortSingleLoopbackTask
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustCertificateTrust
Symbol: msrd3x40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetStatusCallbackA
Symbol: olecli32_PbCopyToClipboard
Symbol: olecli32_OleSetColorScheme
Symbol: olecli32_OleLoadFromStream
Symbol: MSIDENT_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindFileNameW
Symbol: credui_CredUIReadSSOCredW
Symbol: credui_CredUIPromptForCredentialsW
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetActiveContextConsoleIME
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmHideToolbarWnd
Symbol: kbdaze_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kbdblr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify_ext_sW
Symbol: kernel32_Toolhelp32ReadProcessMemory
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayCreateEx
Symbol: oleaut32_CreateStdDispatch
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetConnectionStatistics
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQPurge
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetParam
Symbol: odbcconf_DLListRemoveNode
Symbol: occache_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_strncpy
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetNumberDnodesInSubline
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecOctetString_NoSize
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIUnregisterPolicyChangeNotificationCallback
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcSend
Symbol: ole32_GetHGlobalFromStream
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2Cy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyI2
Symbol: netapi32_NetpwNameValidate
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetConfigBool
Symbol: winmm_midiOutCachePatches
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_count_entries
Symbol: HAL_HalQueryRealTimeClock
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamSetName
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Parent_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20_strxfrm
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressCapsW
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaRemoveAllItemsA
Symbol: olepro32_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetConnectOptionW
Symbol: odbcconf_LoadRegVersionEx
Symbol: odbcconf_CloseProcessInfo
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolSetInterfaceParams
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllCreateList
Symbol: mcd32_MCDAddState
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCompareEx_W
Symbol: confmsp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixOrthoOffCenterLH
Symbol: msvcrt_iswctype
Symbol: msvcrt__wputenv
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumCertificateContextProperties
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigTransportGetHandle
Symbol: winipsec_SPDApiBufferFree
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1char32string_cmp
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcParseSecurity
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminPauseServiceForBackup
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheGroupAttributeA
Symbol: sfc_os_SfcIsFileProtected
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssReceiptRequestEncodeEx
Symbol: rdchost_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imagehlp_RemovePrivateCvSymbolicEx
Symbol: msrclr40_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rnr20_NSPStartup
Symbol: pdh_PdhParseInstanceNameW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SelectUIdxDlgProc
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCheckTypeVar
Symbol: wmdmlog_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wship6_WSHGetSockaddrType
Symbol: shell32_StrRStrW
Symbol: shell32_PathMakeUniqueName
Symbol: docprop_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenP10W
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgGetLastInstallErrorText
Symbol: wmasf_ASFGetStreamPropertiesObject
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapAddS
Symbol: user32_wsprintfW
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLNumResultCols
Symbol: clbcatq_GetComputerObject
Symbol: ole32_OleNoteObjectVisible
Symbol: cryptdll_CDLocateCheckSum
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4Cy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyI4
Symbol: hticons_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrSpnW
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateWriterNetworkSink
Symbol: netapi32_NetEnumerateTrustedDomains
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGetHashParam
Symbol: basesrv_BaseSetProcessCreateNotify
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetModuleBase
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCallClassInstaller
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventShutdown
Symbol: tapi32_lineGenerateDigitsW
Symbol: synceng_EndReconciliation
Symbol: pdh_PdhLogServiceCommandW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLTransact
Symbol: ocmanage_OcComponentState
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpSetOption
Symbol: msvcrt40_strxfrm
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCheckTypeVar
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishDeleteAll
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackQueryState
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetBufferInfo
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetClassInfoDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetClassInfo
Symbol: apphelp_SdbQueryApphelpInformation
Symbol: crtdll___fpecode
Symbol: msieftp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateDebugObject
Symbol: netui1_RegGetMachineIdentifierValue
Symbol: netui1_MNetServerDiskEnum
Symbol: schannel_QuerySecurityPackageInfoW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1char16string_cmp
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecBitString
Symbol: gdi32_GdiFullscreenControl
Symbol: catsrv_GetCatalogCRMClerk
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsaopBindWithCred
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaSyncAllA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsGetDomainControllerInfoW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrProxyFreeBuffer
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcMapWin32Status
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRound
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_bind
Symbol: HAL_HalHandleNMI
Symbol: advapi32_LookupAccountSidA
Symbol: advapi32_CredFree
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayCopyData
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetDevConfig
Symbol: rasman_RasGetTimeSinceLastActivity
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiRegisterDeviceInfo
Symbol: msr2c_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: nvcpl_NvStartup
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexDestroy
Symbol: tapi32_internalPerformance
Symbol: spoolss_SplIsSessionZero
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetCounterTimeBase
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIInsertObjectA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLConnectW
Symbol: mssign32_SignerAddTimeStampResponse
Symbol: icm32_CMCheckRGBs
Symbol: shell32_SHChangeNotifySuspendResume
Symbol: shell32_SHILCreateFromPath
Symbol: adptif_IpxAdjustIoCompletionParams
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundFullDuplexCreate
Symbol: msvcrt__wsystem
Symbol: DBnetlib_GenClientContext
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapFree
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncAlignment
Symbol: ole32_HPALETTE_UserMarshal
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryConstruct2
Symbol: anvctrl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_logoff
Symbol: HAL_KeRaiseIrqlToDpcLevel
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSearchPath
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetSelectedDriverA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enumerate_EnumeratorsW
Symbol: wshext_CreateIndirectData
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupExportConfig
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIChangeSourceW
Symbol: odbcconf_IsExceptionInfEx
Symbol: ntmsapi_AllocateNtmsMedia
Symbol: mcd32_MCDReadSpan
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDeleteSubnetDS
Symbol: syssetup_SetupSetDisplay
Symbol: syssetup_CriticalDeviceCoInstaller
Symbol: msvcrt_vsprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_iswlower
Symbol: wsock32_MigrateWinsockConfiguration
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDosPathNameToNtPathName_U
Symbol: ntdll_NtLoadKey2
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrXmitOrRepAsFree
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingStructMemorySize
Symbol: msjtes40_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVargUnkAddref
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNew2
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpR4
Symbol: imgutil_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kbdkaz_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileShortNameA
Symbol: kernel32_GetTapeParameters
Symbol: WshRm_WSHNotify
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestMakeCall
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetupConference
Symbol: tapi32_lineRegisterRequestRecipient
Symbol: regwizc_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: plustab_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetInfoW
Symbol: netshell_DoInitialCleanup
Symbol: mobsync_RegQueryLoadHandlerOnEvent
Symbol: mobsync_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIAllocateMore
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpLosslessDestroy
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportLDAPBitmapW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpCreateSubnetDS
Symbol: wmsdmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dinput8_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNetInterfaceControl
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneDotCoord
Symbol: iuengine_InternalLogDriverNotFound
Symbol: iuengine_EngDownloadAsync
Symbol: msvcrt_swprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_iswpunct
Symbol: zipfldr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindActivationContextSectionString
Symbol: ws2help_WahCreateNotificationHandle
Symbol: mpr_WNetCancelConnectionA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_addW
Symbol: advapi32_WmiSetSingleItemA
Symbol: advapi32_WdmWmiServiceMain
Symbol: advapi32_SetPrivateObjectSecurityEx
Symbol: kernel32_GetShortPathNameA
Symbol: rasman_RasDeAllocateRoute
Symbol: msctf_TF_GetMlngIconIndex
Symbol: nvshell_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wmsdmoe_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: spoolss_OpenPrinterPortW
Symbol: mscms_GetNamedProfileInfo
Symbol: iassvcs_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetProductString
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixOrthoOffCenterRH
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpShowDialog
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxIndirectA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryBootOptions
Symbol: gdi32_SetBitmapDimensionEx
Symbol: ole32_CoQueryReleaseObject
Symbol: msdtctm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSplit
Symbol: olecli32_DibClone
Symbol: scecli_SceWriteSecurityProfileInfo
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingGetPolicyInformationW
Symbol: kbdycl_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleInputA
Symbol: msvcrt20_strtoul
Symbol: tapi32_tapiGetLocationInfo
Symbol: synceng_ReleaseTwinHandle
Symbol: pdh_PdhExpandCounterPathA
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportConnectSetA
Symbol: esent97_JetRetrieveTaggedColumnList
Symbol: cmdial32_RasCustomDeleteEntryNotify
Symbol: clusapi_ChangeClusterResourceGroup
Symbol: dx7vb_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wmpcore_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt_iswupper
Symbol: msvcrt__get_sbh_threshold
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminDeviceEnum
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTablePrivilegesW
Symbol: ODBC32_ODBCGetTryWaitValue
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseAllProtseqsIfEx
Symbol: expsrv___vbaExceptHandler
Symbol: MSOERT2_WriteStreamToFile
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetClientInfo
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleRegisterWndClassInfoW
Symbol: mmfutil_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: query_EndCacheTransaction
Symbol: kbdtat_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_AddAccessDeniedAce
Symbol: termmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: spoolss_SplPromptUIInUsersSession
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLPrepareW
Symbol: mprddm_DDMSendUserMessage
Symbol: wmvdmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: jet500_JetRestore
Symbol: wship6_WSHGetProviderGuid
Symbol: ieakeng_MigrateFavoritesW
Symbol: hid_HidP_SetData
Symbol: dx8vb_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEInit
Symbol: msvcrt_vwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt_iswprint
Symbol: user32_GetRegisteredRawInputDevices
Symbol: user32_DdeCmpStringHandles
Symbol: cscdll_RefreshConnections
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBCacheAllocate
Symbol: ole32_WdtpInterfacePointer_UserSize
Symbol: comsvcs_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvGenerateValidDeviceList
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemCallSt
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpR8
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetGetJoinableOUs
Symbol: kbdmon_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ber_scanf
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceObjectSecurity
Symbol: kernel32_IsDebuggerPresent
Symbol: oleaut32_DispGetIDsOfNames
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileInsertLine
Symbol: wmvdmoe_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetMediaControl
Symbol: raschap_RasEapGetIdentity
Symbol: odbcconf_QueryApplication
Symbol: msvcrt40_strtoul
Symbol: msls31_LsForceBreakSubline
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetCaps
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderf
Symbol: shell32_PathProcessCommand
Symbol: shell32_SHEmptyRecycleBinA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorNegative
Symbol: jscript_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSRegisterLicenseKeyPack
Symbol: icmp_do_echo_rep
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAttributeActionToRXact
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncOctetString_NoSize
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsRemoveDsDomainA
Symbol: ole32_CoResumeClassObjects
Symbol: samsrv_SampReleaseSamLockExclusive
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrStrW
Symbol: imm32_ImmSendIMEMessageExW
Symbol: advapi32_WmiEnumerateGuids
Symbol: kernel32_GetNlsSectionName
Symbol: kernel32_FreeVirtualBuffer
Symbol: kernel32_AddAtomA
Symbol: drmclien_GetPMLicenseSize
Symbol: ir50_qc_CompressFramesInfo
Symbol: uniplat_notifOpenChannelA
Symbol: ir41_qc_CompressFramesInfo
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFreeParameterBlock
Symbol: ntmsapi_DisableNtmsObject
Symbol: msapsspc_QuerySecurityPackageInfoA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDeleteServerDS
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CleanupWinsock
Symbol: pstorec_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSIssuePlatformChallenge
Symbol: icmp_do_echo_req
Symbol: esent_JetOpenFileInstance
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_SizeW
Symbol: gdi32_EndFormPage
Symbol: ole32_CoQueryAuthenticationServices
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInStr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR4Cy
Symbol: safrslv_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetServiceGetInfo
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandICW
Symbol: winmm_waveInPrepareHeader
Symbol: kbdest_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: advapi32_ConvertStringSDToSDDomainW
Symbol: kernel32_ReadFile
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamSetInfo
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetInstalledProtocols
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIPasteSpecialW
Symbol: wzcsapi_EapcfgNodeFromKey
Symbol: msvbvm60_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_SHParseDisplayName
Symbol: dsauth_StoreCleanupHandle
Symbol: msvcrt_towlower
Symbol: msvcrt_strerror
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecDeleteMMSAs
Symbol: mswsock_GetAddressByNameA
Symbol: ws2help_WahCreateHandleContextTable
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_CLASS_Invoke
Symbol: secur32_QueryCredentialsAttributesA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrUnhandledExceptionFilter
Symbol: kernel32_WaitForDebugEvent
Symbol: kernel32_GetNextVDMCommand
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleNlsMode
Symbol: pdh_PdhCollectQueryDataEx
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLFreeStmt
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiGetObjectProp
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRecUniToAnsi
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRecAnsiToUni
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderi
Symbol: dmstyle_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetModuleInfo64
Symbol: opengl32_GlmfPlayGlsRecord
Symbol: crypt32_CryptFreeOIDFunctionAddress
Symbol: ntdll___eFADDtop
Symbol: winipsec_OpenTransportFilterHandle
Symbol: winipsec_AddMMAuthMethods
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncBitString
Symbol: gdi32_ClearBrushAttributes
Symbol: ole32_OleConvertOLESTREAMToIStorage
Symbol: ole32_OleConvertIStorageToOLESTREAM
Symbol: ole32_DllGetClassObjectWOW
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheGroupAttributeA
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreate
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCanonicalizeW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathAddExtensionA
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareDelSticky
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_count_valuesW
Symbol: HAL_HalSetProfileInterval
Symbol: kernel32_DnsHostnameToComputerNameW
Symbol: kernel32_CancelIo
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantChangeType
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassNameFromGuidW
Symbol: wiavusd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wavemsp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: uniplat_notifCloseChannel
Symbol: t2embed_TTLoadEmbeddedFont
Symbol: sccbase_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRecUniToAnsi
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRecAnsiToUni
Symbol: hotplug_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpCreateOptionDS
Symbol: opengl32_glEnable
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixPerspectiveFovLH
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixScaling
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProblemTextA
Symbol: mstscax_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumCertificatesInStore
Symbol: ntdll___eFICOMP32
Symbol: ntdll___eCommonExceptions
Symbol: ntdll_LdrUnlockLoaderLock
Symbol: ntdll_KiUserApcDispatcher
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncBitString
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertToDevmodeW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsMapSchemaGuidsW
Symbol: WININET_RetrieveUrlCacheEntryFileW
Symbol: olecli32_DibEqual
Symbol: mscoree_LogHelp_LogAssert
Symbol: MSOERT2_UlStripWhitespace
Symbol: anvioctl_UpdateRGBPalette
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserQueryOtherDomains
Symbol: cmprops_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kbdtuf_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_resultW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetHashParam
Symbol: kernel32_WritePrivateProfileStringA
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileApisToANSI
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetSelectedDriverW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Run_Detection
Symbol: xenroll_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: w32topl_ToplAddEdgeToGraph
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminVolumeEnum
Symbol: setupdll_GetSelectedVideo
Symbol: setupdll_AddNetConnection
Symbol: scripto_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: sccbase_CPAcquireContextW
Symbol: rtm_RtmReadInstanceConfig
Symbol: pdh_PdhLogServiceControlA
Symbol: odbcconf_SLListRemoveNode
Symbol: npptools_FindUnknownBlobCategories
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLateMemSt
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetProgressDetailsState
Symbol: dxtrans_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsauth_StoreCreateObjectL
Symbol: ciadmin_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDFreeProperty
Symbol: msvcrt_towupper
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheckByType
Symbol: esent_JetBeginTransaction
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionOption
Symbol: gdi32_CreateFontA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaGetInfoW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeNameResultA
Symbol: ole32_CoQueryClientBlanket
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8Cy
Symbol: shimgvw_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: strmdll_SelectMediaStream
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetValidFlag
Symbol: kernel32_HeapFree
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFormatDateTime
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayDestroyDescriptor
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDialA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenClassRegKeyExA
Symbol: msvcrt20__setjmp3
Symbol: userenv_EnterCriticalPolicySection
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dIsAutoSubclass
Symbol: wiashext_DoDeleteAllItems
Symbol: sccbase_CPVerifySignature
Symbol: npptools_ReadBlobFromFile
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportQuickLinksA
Symbol: shell32_SHGetDesktopFolder
Symbol: shell32_SHBrowseForFolderA
Symbol: shell32_CommandLineToArgvW
Symbol: esent97_JetSetDatabaseSize
Symbol: duser_FindGadgetFromPoint
Symbol: opengl32_wglGetProcAddress
Symbol: ipv6mon_GetResourceString
Symbol: user32_IsCharAlphaNumericW
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCertificateA
Symbol: mprapi_MprDomainSetAccess
Symbol: ntdll___eFICOMP16
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGenerate8dot3Name
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecDeleteQMSAs
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmFree
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetPropertyTextW
Symbol: inetcfg_ConfigureSystemForInternet
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveBlanksA
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmCoUninitialize
Symbol: kbduzb_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: ssdpapi_FindServicesClose
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Destroy
Symbol: imagehlp_SymSetSearchPath
Symbol: kernel32_PeekConsoleInputA
Symbol: kernel32_GetProfileStringA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiBuildClassInfoList
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Setup_DevNode
Symbol: msvcrt20__heapadd
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__iob
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dAutoSubclassEx
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentStatusA
Symbol: odbcconf_CloseProcessList
Symbol: mapistub_BMAPIResolveName
Symbol: iphlpapi_IcmpParseReplies
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateTransformExt
Symbol: shell32_SHQueryRecycleBinA
Symbol: dsuiext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: blackbox_DllMain
Symbol: cards_cdtAnimate
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapNextAttribute
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsEnumAttributes
Symbol: adptif_FwUpdateRouteTable
Symbol: user32_User32InitializeImmEntryTable
Symbol: ntdll_RtlImageDirectoryEntryToData
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetData
Symbol: rtutils_DeRegisterWaitEventBinding
Symbol: gdi32_EngFillPath
Symbol: ole32_CreatePointerMoniker
Symbol: samsrv_SamrGetUserDomainPasswordInformation
Symbol: iedkcs32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_IsTokenRestricted
Symbol: advapi32_CryptDuplicateKey
Symbol: kernel32_SetTapeParameters
Symbol: msv1_0_SpLsaModeInitialize
Symbol: shscrap_OpenScrap_RunDLLA
Symbol: rastapi_GetZeroDeviceInfo
Symbol: polstore_IPSecEnumNFAData
Symbol: odbc32gt_Dispatch
Symbol: msvcrt40__setjmp3
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVerifyVarObj
Symbol: mssip32_CryptSIPRemoveSignedDataMsg
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishByOneChar
Symbol: ieakeng_SetADMWindowTextA
Symbol: iasacct_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dmsynth_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dmconfig_DllMain
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorModulate
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixReflect
Symbol: crtdll__fgetchar
Symbol: crtdll___isascii
Symbol: crtdll__HUGE_dll
Symbol: user32_SendDlgItemMessageW
Symbol: user32_LoadImageA
Symbol: user32_DlgDirListComboBoxA
Symbol: activeds_ADsEnumerateNext
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVreg
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetNtGlobalFlags
Symbol: ntdll_RtlActivateActivationContext
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetConnectOption
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBindCol
Symbol: lsasrv_LsapDsInitializeDsStateInfo
Symbol: colbact_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: cryptdll_MD5Init
Symbol: olecli32_GenClone
Symbol: advapi32_GetLocalManagedApplications
Symbol: userenv_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: verifier_VerifierSetFlags
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetIDA
Symbol: ntmsmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netcfgx_RasRemoveBindings
Symbol: msvcrt40__heapadd
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__iob
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVerifyVarObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextCmpGe
Symbol: msi_MsiEvaluateConditionA
Symbol: mscms_GetCountColorProfileElements
Symbol: fontext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dplay_DirectPlayEnumerate
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenSTR
Symbol: opengl32_glScaled
Symbol: opengl32_glPopClientAttrib
Symbol: adsldpc_PathName
Symbol: seclogon_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: drprov_NPCancelConnection
Symbol: esent_JetEndExternalBackupInstance2
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionSqlVer
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTablesA
Symbol: lsasrv_DsRolerDcAsReplica
Symbol: samsrv_SampAcquireSamLockExclusive
Symbol: sxs_SxsInstallW
Symbol: netapi32_NetConnectionEnum
Symbol: mtxdm_GetDispenserManager
Symbol: advapi32_WmiExecuteMethodW
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrReferenceThread
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetModuleInfo
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleOutputAttribute
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCreateDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: nvcpl_NvRefreshDisplaySettingsPage
Symbol: scredir_SCardListReadersW
Symbol: sccbase_CPGenKey
Symbol: netshell_RepairConnection
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextCmpGe
Symbol: kbdusl_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: FM20_FormsCheckUFIControls
Symbol: hnetwiz_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: glmf32_glsChannel
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveOption
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixPerspectiveFovRH
Symbol: shfolder_SHGetFolderPathW
Symbol: crtdll__mbctombb
Symbol: crtdll__mbbtombc
Symbol: msvcrt__set_sbh_threshold
Symbol: crypt32_CryptDecodeMessage
Symbol: ntdll___eFIDIVR32
Symbol: ntdll___eFDECSTP
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLoadKey2
Symbol: ODBC32_ODBCSetTryWaitValue
Symbol: gdi32_GetFontData
Symbol: clbcatq_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerInqTransportType
Symbol: WININET_FtpFindFirstFileA
Symbol: olethk32_CSm16ReleaseHandler_Release32
Symbol: sxs_SxsProtectionNotifyW
Symbol: dxtmsft_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msnsspc_EnumerateSecurityPackagesW
Symbol: msutb_SetRegisterLangBand
Symbol: scecli_SceProcessSecurityPolicyGPO
Symbol: ssdpapi_DeregisterService
Symbol: imagehlp_SymUnloadModule64
Symbol: kernel32_IsBadHugeWritePtr
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizGetSuggestedEntryName
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAdjustDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: tapi32_lineAccept
Symbol: routetab_RefreshAddresses
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetConnectAttr
Symbol: npptools_SetNPPAddressFilterInBlob
Symbol: wship6_WSHStringToAddress
Symbol: wship6_WSHAddressToString
Symbol: icmui_SetupColorMatchingA
Symbol: opengl32_glScalef
Symbol: ieaksie_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplayDevicesA
Symbol: user32_DdeGetData
Symbol: shmedia_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetDaclSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Detect_Resource_Conflict
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatReleasePortReservation
Symbol: gdi32_XFORMOBJ_bApplyXform
Symbol: gdi32_BRUSHOBJ_pvGetRbrush
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetStatusCallbackW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPut3
Symbol: INETWH32_INETWH_Initialize
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosHangup
Symbol: kbdkyr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: url_URLAssociationDialogA
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingUnloadPolicy
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorOwner
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsolePalette
Symbol: printui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msctf_TF_PostAllThreadMsg
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAgentStateEx
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLBulkOperations
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLFetch
Symbol: npptools_NmHeapReallocate
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiDestroyObject
Symbol: dinput_DirectInputCreateA
Symbol: user32_LoadKeyboardLayoutA
Symbol: drmstor_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntdll___eFIDIVR16
Symbol: netui1_SetupNormalSession
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsFree
Symbol: profmap_RemapAndMoveUserA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaPut4
Symbol: INETWH32_FindActiveBrowser
Symbol: cryptdlg_FormatPKIXEmailProtection
Symbol: netapi32_NetServiceInstall
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonControl
Symbol: scecli_SceConfigureSystem
Symbol: winsta__WinStationUpdateUserConfig
Symbol: winsta_ServerQueryInetConnectorInformationA
Symbol: kernel32_HeapLock
Symbol: rasman_RasSetEapLogonInfo
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dUnAutoSubclass
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaRemoveAllItemsW
Symbol: ntmsapi_InjectNtmsCleaner
Symbol: msi_MsiCreateTransformSummaryInfoA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDPixelMap
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportQuickLinksA
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCDestroyObject
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptCancelAsyncRetrieval
Symbol: user32_CsrBroadcastSystemMessageExW
Symbol: linkinfo_ResolveLinkInfoA
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizImport
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertLongToLargeInteger
Symbol: ntdll_NtReleaseKeyedEvent
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionErrorW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColumnPrivileges
Symbol: WININET_GetUrlCacheGroupAttributeW
Symbol: wucltui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsquery_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kd1394_KdDebuggerInitialize0
Symbol: ntshrui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: oakley_IKEAddSAs
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorGroup
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInterfaceRegKeyA
Symbol: winfax_FaxPrintCoverPageA
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetButtonInfoA
Symbol: tapi32_NonAsyncEventThread
Symbol: synceng_CompareFileStamps
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPerMachineConnectionsW
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCopyNFAData
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetConnectAttr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextCmpLe
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaMidStmtBstrB
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaEnd
Symbol: duser_InitGadgetComponent
Symbol: admparse_DllMain
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnbcat
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPRemoveSignedDataMsg
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNewInstanceSecurityObject
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecExtension
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarOpenTrustedDomainByName
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidEqual
Symbol: ole32_CoGetObject
Symbol: URLMON_FindMediaTypeClass
Symbol: olecli32_OleClone
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegCreateUSKeyA
Symbol: netapi32_NetQueryDisplayInformation
Symbol: hnetcfg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: imeshare_DllMain
Symbol: kd1394_KdDebuggerInitialize1
Symbol: licmgr10_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_open
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleNlsMode
Symbol: kernel32_LockFile
Symbol: oleaut32_LHashValOfNameSys
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiInstallDriverFiles
Symbol: userenv_GetNextFgPolicyRefreshInfo
Symbol: drmclien_DllMain
Symbol: security_QuerySecurityPackageInfoA
Symbol: rtm_RtmIgnoreChangedDests
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDriversW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLBulkOperations
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLFetch
Symbol: winhttp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiSetObjectProp
Symbol: wzcsapi_DestroyEapcfgNode
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextCmpLe
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaMidStmtBstrB
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaEnd
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2I4
Symbol: msencode_DllMain
Symbol: shell32_ILCombine
Symbol: dxdiagn_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerQueryAttributes
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymFromAddr
Symbol: crtdll__makepath
Symbol: crtdll___toascii
Symbol: user32_RealGetWindowClassA
Symbol: user32_LoadCursorFromFileA
Symbol: cscdll_CSCEnumForStatsExA
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBreg
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsActivationContextActive
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLProcedureColumns
Symbol: msdart_CreateDCI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaSyncAllW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrProxyInitialize
Symbol: ole32_OleQueryLinkFromData
Symbol: ole32_CoGetMalloc
Symbol: mspbde40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarVargNofree
Symbol: olecli32_GenEqual
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExSeeAlso
Symbol: mapi32_MAPILogoff
Symbol: inetcfg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: imm32_ImmLockIMCC
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyDelta
Symbol: kbdtuq_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: winsta_RemoteAssistancePrepareSystemRestore
Symbol: advapi32_LsaClose
Symbol: advapi32_LookupAccountSidW
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDereferenceWait
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvAddPropPages
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIInsertObjectW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLDriverConnectW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2I4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextCmpNe
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLineInputVar
Symbol: mscms_InternalGetPS2ColorRenderingDictionary
Symbol: kbdusr_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: jobexec_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalSetIpForwardEntry
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetModuleInfoW
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorNormalize
Symbol: ntdll_CsrClientCallServer
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallerError
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionStatus
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsInheritSecurityIdentityA
Symbol: ws2help_WahReferenceContextByHandle
Symbol: pidgen_VerifyPIDSequenceW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDatabaseSync2
Symbol: McGDMgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_init
Symbol: HAL_HalAdjustResourceList
Symbol: advapi32_RegGetKeySecurity
Symbol: rasman_RasmanUninitialize
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSetSelectedDriverW
Symbol: nview_DMGetDefaultDesktop
Symbol: nvcpl_NvColorGetGammaRamp
Symbol: unimdmat_UmGetDiagnostics
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLColumnsW
Symbol: npptools_RegCreateBlobKey
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextCmpNe
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLineInputVar
Symbol: mobsync_RegSetProgressDetailsState
Symbol: dbghelp_srcfiles
Symbol: cmdial32_RasCustomEntryDlg
Symbol: cabview_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionRotationAxis
Symbol: crtdll__heapwalk
Symbol: user32_GetMessageExtraInfo
Symbol: user32_BeginDeferWindowPos
Symbol: ntdll___eFISUBR32
Symbol: DBnetlib_CloseEnumServers
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetPrivateData
Symbol: gdi32_CloseFigure
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetListOfSharedDisksA
Symbol: olecli32_LeUpdate
Symbol: mscoree_CoUninitializeCor
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupEnum
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMIsDiskMultiRegion
Symbol: winsta_WinStationEnumerateLicenses
Symbol: HAL_IoWritePartitionTable
Symbol: advapi32_EqualSid
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileShortNameW
Symbol: kernel32_ReadProcessMemory
Symbol: raschap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: netcfgx_NetClassInstaller
Symbol: Bot_ClientCallme
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrToUnicode
Symbol: msi_MsiIsProductElevatedA
Symbol: mprddm_DDMTransportCreate
Symbol: mcd32_MCDGetTextureFormats
Symbol: ieakeng_DoReboot
Symbol: blackbox_GetHWID
Symbol: dbghelp_MiniDumpWriteDump
Symbol: ntdll_LdrFindResourceEx_U
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallDriverW
Symbol: ole32_HBRUSH_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_DebugServerRelease
Symbol: mpr_WNetCancelConnectionW
Symbol: imeshare_FGetIMEStyleAttr
Symbol: wiaservc_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: advapi32_WmiSetSingleItemW
Symbol: kernel32_WritePrivateProfileStructA
Symbol: kernel32_HeapWalk
Symbol: kernel32_GetShortPathNameW
Symbol: rasapi32_DwRasUninitialize
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleCreate
Symbol: unimdmat_UmLogDiagnostics
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrToUnicode
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextCmpEq
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptFlushTimeValidObject
Symbol: msvcrt___fpecode
Symbol: user32_SoftModalMessageBox
Symbol: user32_SendMessageTimeoutA
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxIndirectW
Symbol: newdev_ClientSideInstallW
Symbol: ntdll___eFMULreg
Symbol: ntdll___eFISUBR16
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateUserThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtTranslateFilePath
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapSize
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1octetstring_cmp
Symbol: gdi32_GetFontResourceInfoW
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetPrivateData
Symbol: profmap_RemapUserProfileA
Symbol: URLMON_CreateAsyncBindCtx
Symbol: olecli32_OleClose
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DoOrganizeFavDlgW
Symbol: mscoree_CoLogCurrentStack
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszMonthFromIndex
Symbol: bootvid_VidSolidColorFill
Symbol: wldap32_LdapMapErrorToWin32
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleInputW
Symbol: oleaut32_OleTranslateColor
Symbol: msvcrt20__heapchk
Symbol: winfax_FaxRegisterServiceProviderW
Symbol: pdh_PdhFormatFromRawValue
Symbol: pdh_PdhExpandCounterPathW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextCmpEq
Symbol: iphlpapi_DeleteIpNetEntry
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportConnectSetW
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateShortcut
Symbol: shell32_SHObjectProperties
Symbol: cnetcfg_InetStartServices
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizExport
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheckByType
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopySidAndAttributesArray
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAssert2
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddActionToRXact
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetConnectOption
Symbol: msdart_SendNotifyMessageI
Symbol: msdart_LookupAccountNameI
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatAcquirePortReservation
Symbol: gdi32_FlattenPath
Symbol: ole32_FreePropVariantArray
Symbol: samsrv_SamrEnumerateGroupsInDomain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRedimPreserve
Symbol: URLMON_GetClassFileOrMime
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCommonPrefixA
Symbol: netapi32_NetSessionGetInfo
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetListTraverse
Symbol: imgutil_GetMaxMIMEIDBytes
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstVolumeMountPointA
Symbol: kernel32_FillConsoleOutputAttribute
Symbol: rasman_DwRasGetHostByName
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLBulkOperations
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLFetch
Symbol: msvbvm50_VBDllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: iphlpapi_CreateIpNetEntry
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackCreateShadowEndpoint
Symbol: shell32_SHLoadNonloadedIconOverlayIdentifiers
Symbol: dmutil_DmCommonNtOpenFile
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionErrorW
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymFromName
Symbol: cmcfg32_CmstpExtensionProc
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXColorSubtract
Symbol: iuengine_DllMain
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetValidUsages
Symbol: mprapi_MprInfoBlockRemove
Symbol: wsock32_WSASetBlockingHook
Symbol: gdi32_RectVisible
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidIsNil
Symbol: samsrv_SamIStorePrimaryCredentials
Symbol: olecli32_OleEqual
Symbol: anvioctl_SetActiveDisplay
Symbol: SHLWAPI_HashData
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasReadPropGuid
Symbol: wldap32_ber_bvdup
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageEnumerateCertificates
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupCenterWindowRelativeToParent
Symbol: utildll_ElapsedTimeString
Symbol: uniplat_FreeUnimodemTimer
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphFreeData
Symbol: msvcrt40__heapchk
Symbol: msvbvm60_VBDllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: kbdusx_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: shell32_SHEmptyRecycleBinW
Symbol: certcli_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapReadAttribute2
Symbol: wmi_WmiSetSingleInstanceA
Symbol: iuengine_EngGetSystemSpec
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnbcmp
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetNameStringA
Symbol: wsock32_inet_addr
Symbol: ntdll___eFRNDINT
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsRemoveDsDomainW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingFromStringBindingA
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateEx
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK_Release
Symbol: URLMON_HlinkSimpleNavigateToString
Symbol: olecli32_OleQueryOutOfDate
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteEmptyKeyA
Symbol: netapi32_NetServiceControl
Symbol: kbdhe220_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommProperties
Symbol: kernel32_AddAtomW
Symbol: wiashext_IMGetItemFromIDL
Symbol: ir50_32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: uniplat_notifOpenChannelW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAppPriorityA
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetRawCounterValue
Symbol: mscms_IsColorProfileValid
Symbol: msapsspc_QuerySecurityPackageInfoW
Symbol: mobsync_RegSchedHandlerItemsChecked
Symbol: opengl32_wglGetPixelFormat
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumCertTypesEx
Symbol: bidispl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetDaclSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeBitMap
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDnsHostNameToComputerName
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDecompressBuffer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertToAutoInheritSecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtImpersonateThread
Symbol: ntdll_NtAcceptConnectPort
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLConnect
Symbol: ole32_BindMoniker
Symbol: msxbde40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetCrackUrlA
Symbol: credui_CredUIInitControls
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasReadMultiple
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityDescriptorOwner
Symbol: kernel32_OpenFile
Symbol: kernel32_GetThreadPriority
Symbol: localspl_SplDeleteSpooler
Symbol: localspl_SplDeletePrinter
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8Pow
Symbol: t2embed_TTEnableEmbeddingForFacename
Symbol: nwprovau_NPLoadNameSpaces
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvGetOperationResults
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFormatDateTime
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextCmpGt
Symbol: mp43dmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mscms_TranslateBitmapBits
Symbol: mapistub_OpenStreamOnFile
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceGetVolume
Symbol: shell32_SHLoadOLE
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionStatus
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMQuaternionSlerp
Symbol: cdfview_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll___eFINCSTP
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeToMultiByteN
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLFreeEnv
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_NameA
Symbol: fldrclnr_DllMain
Symbol: mswsock_GetAddressByNameW
Symbol: gdi32_EnumObjects
Symbol: gdi32_CreatePolyPolygonRgn
Symbol: ole32_CoGetInterfaceAndReleaseStream
Symbol: olesvr32_OleSavedServerDoc
Symbol: regapi_RegUserConfigQuery
Symbol: secur32_QueryCredentialsAttributesW
Symbol: lame_enc_lame_encode_flush
Symbol: localspl_SplCreateSpooler
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetRoutingInfoA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecAllocPolMem
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetCursorNameW
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupAssociateICMProfiles
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextCmpGt
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK_Invoke
Symbol: wmadmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIUninitialize
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexd
Symbol: asfsipc_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_DragObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtAlertResumeThread
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetTranslatorW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLEndTran
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarEnumerateTrustedDomains
Symbol: ole32_CoInitializeSecurity
Symbol: msdtctm_ASCDefer
Symbol: WININET_SetUrlCacheGroupAttributeW
Symbol: inetcfg_InetStartServices
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathAddExtensionW
Symbol: imm32_ImmEnumRegisterWordA
Symbol: ntlanman_DllMain
Symbol: offfilt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ConvertTo16Color
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityDescriptorGroup
Symbol: advapi32_CredWriteDomainCredentialsA
Symbol: kernel32_GetOEMCP
Symbol: kernel32_FindCloseChangeNotification
Symbol: wlnotify_SchedEventLogOff
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetButtonInfoA
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetID
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetProviderList
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLRowCount
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK_Invoke
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishBySubline
Symbol: opengl32_glBitmap
Symbol: cmutil_CmStripPathAndExtA
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNodeKey
Symbol: dpvoice_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: atmlib_ATMClient
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProblemTextW
Symbol: wmadmoe_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetSaclSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: esent_JetIndexRecordCount
Symbol: winipsec_GetMMAuthMethods
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Disable_DevNode
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIInitializeWellKnownSids
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetUserLogonInformation
Symbol: mscoree_GetRequestedRuntimeVersion
Symbol: vdmredir_VrWriteNamedPipe
Symbol: kernel32_WritePrivateProfileStringW
Symbol: kernel32_TrimVirtualBuffer
Symbol: localspl_DllMain
Symbol: EqnClass_DllMain
Symbol: pdh_PdhLogServiceControlW
Symbol: perfnet_OpenNetSvcsObject
Symbol: olepro32_OleTranslateColor
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsSharingInstalled
Symbol: msvfw32_ICGetDisplayFormat
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllEnumFirstW
Symbol: dmdskmgr_IsRequestPending
Symbol: dinput8_DirectInput8Create
Symbol: opengl32_glLightf
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexf
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionDot
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnbcnt
Symbol: user32_DragDetect
Symbol: user32_DdeConnect
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonLogonEvent
Symbol: ntdll___eFUCOMPP
Symbol: ntdll_NtWaitHighEventPair
Symbol: esent_JetIntersectIndexes
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Create_DevNodeA
Symbol: gdi32_CreateFontW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeNameResultW
Symbol: WININET_InternetGoOnlineA
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapAddSMimeCap
Symbol: isrdbg32_TTDbgMsg
Symbol: netapi32_NetServerDiskEnum
Symbol: advapi32_EnumServiceGroupW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetProviderA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptGetProvParam
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemWindowsDirectoryA
Symbol: localspl_SplDeleteMonitor
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDialW
Symbol: samlib_SamTestPrivateFunctionsUser
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenClassRegKeyExW
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_Report_LogOn
Symbol: msvcrt20__loaddll
Symbol: wshext_VerifyIndirectData
Symbol: setupdll_AreCharsInString
Symbol: scredir_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: npptools_SetClassIDInBlob
Symbol: msvfw32_ICSeqCompressFrame
Symbol: msisam11_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceGetReport
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportQuickLinksW
Symbol: iasnap_IASParseExpression
Symbol: shell32_SHBrowseForFolderW
Symbol: audiosrv_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: atmlib_ATMFinish
Symbol: danim_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__purecall
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnccnt
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCertificateW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReleaseKeyedEvent
Symbol: ntdll_NtReadFile
Symbol: ntdll_LdrLoadDll
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPrepare
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcMinimalCriteriaInfoDecode
Symbol: wintrust_TrustOpenStores
Symbol: comsvcs_CosGetCallContext
Symbol: msjter40_JetErrIDAForError
Symbol: msexch40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: olecli32_ErrClose
Symbol: icwphbk_PHBKDllEntryPoint
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveBlanksW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasReadPropLong
Symbol: winsta_WinStationSendWindowMessage
Symbol: advapi32_RegSetKeySecurity
Symbol: kernel32_PeekConsoleInputW
Symbol: kernel32_GetProfileStringW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyAdd
Symbol: rasman_RasActivateRouteEx
Symbol: msvcrt20__clearfp
Symbol: wow32_WOWGlobalUnlockFree16
Symbol: nview_DMSetDefaultDesktop
Symbol: nvcpl_NvColorSetGammaRamp
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeEnumValue
Symbol: utildll_GetSystemMessageA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentStatusW
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextCmpLt
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipUnloadInstance
Symbol: mpg4dmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetNetworkParams
Symbol: iepeers_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: hlink_HlinkClone
Symbol: shell32_SHQueryRecycleBinW
Symbol: dsprop_CrackName
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnicmp
Symbol: user32_UpdateLayeredWindow
Symbol: user32_SetMessageExtraInfo
Symbol: wsock32_dn_expand
Symbol: ntdll___eFXTRACT
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVtop
Symbol: ntdll_NtWaitForDebugEvent
Symbol: msdart_LoadIconI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Log_Conf_Priority_Ex
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetPrivateData
Symbol: gdi32_ModifyWorldTransform
Symbol: ole32_OleSetMenuDescriptor
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcIndirectDataContentDecode
Symbol: WININET_IncrementUrlCacheHeaderData
Symbol: advapi32_AdjustTokenGroups
Symbol: localspl_SplCopyFileEvent
Symbol: rasman_RasGetProtocolInfo
Symbol: rasman_RasGetPortUserData
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserSetInfo2
Symbol: nvcpl_launchoverlayapplet
Symbol: nvcpl_GetdtcfgLastErrorEx
Symbol: InkEd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: sisbkup_SisRestoredCommonStoreFile
Symbol: shscrap_OpenScrap_RunDLLW
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphSendData
Symbol: setupdll_DosPathToArcPath
Symbol: setupdll_ArcPathToDosPath
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeleteNtmsLibrary
Symbol: msvcrt40__loaddll
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextCmpLt
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipUnloadInstance
Symbol: jgaw400_JgADeviceResumePlay
Symbol: ieakeng_SetADMWindowTextW
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugDeviceTree
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpRemoveOptionDS
Symbol: opengl32_glTexCoordPointer
Symbol: opengl32_glLighti
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexi
Symbol: opengl32_glFinish
Symbol: crtdll__getdrive
Symbol: user32_LoadImageW
Symbol: user32_DlgDirListComboBoxW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetUserFlagsHeap
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnumerateGenericTableLikeADirectory
Symbol: gdi32_SetTextJustification
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentPoint32A
Symbol: mscoree_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_ChrCmpIA
Symbol: ciodm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: imeshare_FSetIMEStyleAttr
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLSpecialColumns
Symbol: secur32_LsaCallAuthenticationPackage
Symbol: kernel32_HeapSize
Symbol: oleaut32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: w32topl_ToplPScheduleValid
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetIDW
Symbol: netcfgx_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__clearfp
Symbol: mssign32_SpcGetCertFromKey
Symbol: msi_MsiGetComponentStateA
Symbol: msi_MsiEvaluateConditionW
Symbol: mdhcp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jet500_JetGetTableIndexInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordSetCopyEx
Symbol: dmime_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixInverse
Symbol: ddrawex_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll_localtime
Symbol: crtdll__flushall
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTablesW
Symbol: msdart_SetFileAttributesI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Locate_DevNodeA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsRemoveDsServerA
Symbol: samsrv_SamISetPrivateData
Symbol: olecli32_ErrQueryOutOfDate
Symbol: msnsspc_FreeContextBuffer
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOidAppend
Symbol: kbdhe319_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentProcess
Symbol: nwprovau_NwDeleteGWDevice
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpNotifyMediaReconnected
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetPresentDate
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLineInputStr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryConstruct
Symbol: mapistub_ScMAPIXFromSMAPI
Symbol: glmf32_glsCharubz
Symbol: cmutil_CmRealloc
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetPreviousRow
Symbol: webclnt_DavClose
Symbol: user32_CreateSystemThreads
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTimeToTimeFields
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTimeFieldsToTime
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenThreadTokenEx
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPutData
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLExecute
Symbol: gdi32_EngCopyBits
Symbol: samsrv_SamrLookupDomainInSamServer
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluDeleteDtcResourceKeyW
Symbol: WININET_FtpFindFirstFileW
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetUniversalNameA
Symbol: msexcl40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ComTruSurroundXT_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetpInitOemString
Symbol: comsnap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: macrovsn_MacroVisionClose
Symbol: url_MailToProtocolHandler
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetHSB
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetOldPassword
Symbol: setupapi_SetupAdjustDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: nview_NVRegisterNotificationWindow
Symbol: themeui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: softpub_DriverFinalPolicy
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolFreeState
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetPresentDate
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLineInputStr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryConstruct
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNew
Symbol: mmutilse__CIfmod
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDEstimateMidSize
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetTcpStatistics
Symbol: iernonce_RunOnceExProcess
Symbol: icmui_SetupColorMatchingW
Symbol: d3d8_DebugSetMute
Symbol: msdmo_DMOGetName
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionExp
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdSetOverlayPosition
Symbol: crtdll_setlocale
Symbol: crtdll__fputchar
Symbol: crtdll___iscsymf
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplayDevicesW
Symbol: user32_CreateIcon
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteTimerQueue
Symbol: esent_JetEnumerateColumns
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_bind
Symbol: gdi32_SwapBuffers
Symbol: gdi32_HT_Get8BPPMaskPalette
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsVirtualServerInLocalClusterA
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCreateDtcResourceKeyW
Symbol: comrepl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: url_URLAssociationDialogW
Symbol: HAL_HalGetInterruptVector
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_GetServerSideDeviceInstallFlags
Symbol: msvcrt20__lsearch
Symbol: msvcrt20__heapmin
Symbol: msvcrt20__getmbcp
Symbol: msvcrt20__getdcwd
Symbol: msvcrt20__atoldbl
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxIsFullyFetched
Symbol: setupdll_DelFile
Symbol: odbcconf_GetProgramFilesCommonFilesDirectory
Symbol: ntlsapi_NtLicenseRequestA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNew
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrAryToAnsi
Symbol: mlang_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mfc40u_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: d3d9_DebugSetMute
Symbol: dinput_DirectInputCreateW
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionErrorW
Symbol: clusapi_ResumeClusterNode
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnbset
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnbcpy
Symbol: msvcrt__fgetchar
Symbol: msvcrt___isascii
Symbol: user32_LoadKeyboardLayoutW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwTranslateFilePath
Symbol: ntdll_VerSetConditionMask
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateTimerQueue
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertSidToUnicodeString
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLWriteDSNToIniW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_TRUSTED_ENUM_BUFFER_EX
Symbol: ole32_IsEqualGUID
Symbol: wintrust_MsCatFreeHashTag
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminCalcHashFromFileHandle
Symbol: profmap_RemapAndMoveUserW
Symbol: winsta_ServerQueryInetConnectorInformationW
Symbol: comctl32_SetWindowSubclass
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_Sort
Symbol: kernel32_PostQueuedCompletionStatus
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessVersion
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetIntField
Symbol: msvcrt20__chgsign
Symbol: w32topl_ToplMakeGraphState
Symbol: tapi32_phoneClose
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAppPriorityA
Symbol: spoolss_SplRegisterForDeviceEvents
Symbol: pschdprf_ClosePschedPerformanceData
Symbol: npptools_SetNPPPatternFilterInBlob
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpGetDefaultProxyConfiguration
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrAryToAnsi
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyLoad
Symbol: msi_MsiCreateTransformSummaryInfoW
Symbol: jet500_JetEndExternalBackup
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUdpStatistics
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportQuickLinksW
Symbol: iashlpr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsRequireExtension
Symbol: dsauth_StoreSearchGetNext
Symbol: opengl32_wglSetPixelFormat
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_GetDataFromBuffer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixOrthoLH
Symbol: linkinfo_ResolveLinkInfoW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetDefaultCryptProvForEncrypt
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindCRLInStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeStringToAnsiString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAnsiStringToUnicodeString
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_Size_ExA
Symbol: olethk32_IntOpUninitialize
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegEnumUSValueA
Symbol: ntlanman_NPPropertyDialog
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcatA
Symbol: kernel32_TlsAlloc
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadPriority
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFormatCurrency
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInterfaceRegKeyW
Symbol: pngfilt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt20__commode
Symbol: winfax_FaxPrintCoverPageW
Symbol: ir50_32_DriverProc
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetButtonInfoW
Symbol: t2embed_TTGetEmbeddingType
Symbol: setupdll_SetCurrentLocale
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbOpenLog
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaStartA
Symbol: msvcrt40__lsearch
Symbol: msvcrt40__heapmin
Symbol: msvcrt40__getmbcp
Symbol: msvcrt40__getdcwd
Symbol: msvcrt40__atoldbl
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextTstGe
Symbol: msi_MsiDoActionA
Symbol: mfc42u_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceStartPlay
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDDeviceSetVolume
Symbol: FM20_FormsSetLCID
Symbol: ir32_32_DriverProc
Symbol: iphlpapi_SendARP
Symbol: glmf32_glsComment
Symbol: devenum_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegOpenKey
Symbol: certmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__wcsicoll
Symbol: crtdll__fullpath
Symbol: crtdll__findnext
Symbol: msvcrt__mbctombb
Symbol: msvcrt__mbbtombc
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPRetrieveSubjectGuid
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBtop
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryVolumeInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtEnumerateValueKey
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: URLMON_URLDownloadToFileA
Symbol: MSIDENT_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegCreateUSKeyW
Symbol: msorcl32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQuerySecurityA
Symbol: advapi32_ComputeAccessTokenFromCodeAuthzLevel
Symbol: comctl32_MenuHelp
Symbol: printui_bFolderGetPrinter
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveV
Symbol: msvcrt20__chdrive
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplSetDisplayMode
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetRoutingInfoA
Symbol: tapi32_lineUnhold
Symbol: sqlwid_OpenFile_
Symbol: spoolss_RouterFreeBidiMem
Symbol: security_QuerySecurityPackageInfoW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetPropertyParameterBlockEx
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetCursorNameW
Symbol: msvcrt40__chgsign
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextTstGe
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarDateFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK2_AddRef
Symbol: mmdrv_midMessage
Symbol: mapistub_OpenTnefStreamEx
Symbol: esent97_JetGetCurrentIndex
Symbol: esent97_JetDelete
Symbol: dgnet_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionStatus
Symbol: opengl32_glRectdv
Symbol: d3dim700_D3DRealloc
Symbol: syssetup_EisaUpHalPropPageProvider
Symbol: msvcrt___unDName
Symbol: msvcrt____lc_codepage_func
Symbol: user32_RealGetWindowClassW
Symbol: user32_LoadCursorFromFileW
Symbol: user32_BeginPaint
Symbol: cscdll_CSCEnumForStatsExW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyMessageSignature
Symbol: crypt32_CertFreeCRLContext
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindCTLInStore
Symbol: crypt32_CertDuplicateStore
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarIndexStore
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SetHue
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveW
Symbol: msvcrt20__execlpe
Symbol: winntbbu_ProgressGaugeMsg
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvGetProcAddress
Symbol: olepro32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEnumInterfaces
Symbol: msvcrt40__commode
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarDateFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK2_AddRef
Symbol: mssign32_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_ILIsEqual
Symbol: confmsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_IMPGetIMEA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwImpersonateThread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAcceptConnectPort
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetSaclSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: winipsec_SetMMAuthMethods
Symbol: gdi32_GetCurrentPositionEx
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsInheritSecurityIdentityW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluDoesDTCResourceExistA
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcMinimalCriteriaInfoEncode
Symbol: msnsspc_InitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: rdchost_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: url_TelnetProtocolHandler
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Rotate
Symbol: oleaut32_SysAllocStringLen
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Is_Version_Available_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20__locking
Symbol: msrclr40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringValidate
Symbol: tapi32_linePickup
Symbol: spoolss_SetAllocFailCount
Symbol: setupdll_GetCrashDumpSize
Symbol: pdh_PdhiPlaRunAs
Symbol: msvcrt40__chdrive
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMacId
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaAryRebase1Var
Symbol: mssign32_SignerTimeStampEx
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeySaveToMemoryA
Symbol: wmdmlog_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiGetLastErrorRecord
Symbol: ip6fwapi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: hid_HidD_FreePreparsedData
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsUpdate
Symbol: opengl32_glRectfv
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegEnumKey
Symbol: cards_cdtDrawExt
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlA
Symbol: user32_OemToCharA
Symbol: user32_CharToOemA
Symbol: crypt32_CertUnregisterPhysicalStore
Symbol: crypt32_CertFreeCTLContext
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDoesFileExists_U
Symbol: gdi32_GdiSetAttrs
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcEnableWmiTrace
Symbol: samsrv_SamIAmIGC
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetListOfSharedDisksW
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcIndirectDataContentEncode
Symbol: comsvcs_DispManGetContext
Symbol: ddraw_DSoundHelp
Symbol: winmm_mmioAscend
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetProvParam
Symbol: kernel32_AddVectoredExceptionHandler
Symbol: oleaut32_UnRegisterTypeLib
Symbol: msvcrt20__memicmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsncat
Symbol: setupdll_Delnode
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetOpaqueInformationPointer
Symbol: msvcrt40__execlpe
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMacId
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryRebase1Var
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileAttributes
Symbol: msi_MsiIsProductElevatedW
Symbol: ieakeng_TestURLA
Symbol: shell32_PathIsExe
Symbol: esent97_JetBackup
Symbol: dciman32_DCICreateOffscreen
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexs
Symbol: initpki_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__wcsnicmp
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnextc
Symbol: msieftp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbcat
Symbol: ntdll___eFMULtop
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAlertResumeThread
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeregisterWaitEx
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCheckRegistryKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtWaitForKeyedEvent
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmEnableAllocate
Symbol: SHDOCVW_AddUrlToFavorites
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetTVOInfo
Symbol: msnsspc_SspcCreateSspiReg
Symbol: winsta_WinStationConnectA
Symbol: kernel32_WritePrivateProfileStructW
Symbol: kernel32_RtlCaptureContext
Symbol: rasman_RasSetCommSettings
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDestroyDiskSpaceList
Symbol: msvcrt20_difftime
Symbol: msvcrt20__waccess
Symbol: userenv_ForceSyncFgPolicy
Symbol: drmclien_Decrypt
Symbol: ntmsapi_DismountNtmsMedia
Symbol: msw3prt_HttpExtensionProc
Symbol: msvcrt40__lseeki64
Symbol: msvcrt40__locking
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileAttributes
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextTstLe
Symbol: mp4sdmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpErrorString
Symbol: htui_HTUI_ColorAdjustment
Symbol: hlink_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: fmifs_QuerySupportedMedia
Symbol: fmifs_QueryFileSystemName
Symbol: dsprop_ADsPropGetInitInfo
Symbol: compstui_GetCPSUIUserData
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCACertificate
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixOrthoRH
Symbol: msvcrt__makepath
Symbol: msvcrt___toascii
Symbol: user32_SendMessageTimeoutW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlReadMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtLockFile
Symbol: esent_JetMakeKey
Symbol: esent_JetCompact
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_exec
Symbol: gdi32_DeviceCapabilitiesExA
Symbol: rpcrt4_char_array_from_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrEncapsulatedUnionMarshall
Symbol: profmap_RemapUserProfileW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1I2
Symbol: anvctrl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: oakley_IKECloseIKENegotiationHandle
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_PrintTo
Symbol: winmm_midiInGetErrorTextA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyAbs
Symbol: rasman_RasSetPortUserData
Symbol: usrcntra_GetCountryHandle
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsninc
Symbol: msvcrt20__heapset
Symbol: cscui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: perfctrs_CollectDhcpPerformanceData
Symbol: oleacc_LIBID_Accessibility
Symbol: npptools_GetDwordFromBlob
Symbol: msvfw32_ICCompressorChoose
Symbol: msvcrt40__memicmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsncat
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextTstLe
Symbol: msvbvm50_CreateIExprSrvObj
Symbol: kbdit142_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: qedit_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: docprop2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsdmo_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCompare_UTF8
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpScanMDatabase
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionErrorW
Symbol: opengl32_glRectiv
Symbol: crtdll__mbsbtype
Symbol: msvcrt__fileinfo
Symbol: user32_GetDlgItem
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyCTLUsage
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWaitHighEventPair
Symbol: msdart_mpRealloc
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_done
Symbol: msjtes40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetWriteFile
Symbol: MSHTML_RunHTMLApplication
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCommonPrefixW
Symbol: imgutil_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msnsspc_CompleteAuthToken
Symbol: ntlanman_StopShareDialogA0
Symbol: HAL_HalEndSystemInterrupt
Symbol: kernel32_lstrlenA
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstVolumeMountPointW
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsicmp
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetSockaddrType
Symbol: w32topl_ToplGraphAddVertex
Symbol: usp10_ScriptRecordDigitSubstitution
Symbol: tapi32_lineAnswer
Symbol: tapiperf_CollectTapiPerformanceData
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphSetNodeAttributes
Symbol: regwizc_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_difftime
Symbol: msvcrt40__waccess
Symbol: msvbvm60_CreateIExprSrvObj
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetAllSettings
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextTstNe
Symbol: msi_MsiSetComponentStateA
Symbol: mobsync_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mmdrv_modMessage
Symbol: wmsdmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNetworkGetEnumCount
Symbol: crtdll__mbstrlen
Symbol: msvcrt__heapwalk
Symbol: user32_RegisterUserApiHook
Symbol: authz_AuthzFreeAuditEvent
Symbol: zipfldr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReadFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDestroyAtomTable
Symbol: esent_JetGetLock
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Range_List
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecBitString2
Symbol: comsvcs_MTSCreateActivity
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1I4
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcmpA
Symbol: usrsdpia_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsclen
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbscoll
Symbol: msvcrt20__fpclass
Symbol: nvshell_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wmsdmoe_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ir50_qcx_SetCPUID
Symbol: tapi32_lineUnpark
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsninc
Symbol: msvcrt40__heapset
Symbol: msvcrt40__dstbias
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetAllSettings
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextTstNe
Symbol: msi_MsiSequenceA
Symbol: mscms_GetCMMInfo
Symbol: wship6_WSHNotify
Symbol: iphlpapi_NhGetInterfaceNameFromGuid
Symbol: iphlpapi_NhGetGuidFromInterfaceName
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportRegTree2InfA
Symbol: iassvcs_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wuaueng_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wmi_WmiSetSingleInstanceW
Symbol: msvcrt__callnewh
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxDetectRethrow
Symbol: user32_DeleteMenu
Symbol: user32_CharLowerA
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetNameStringW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWaitForDebugEvent
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDrivers
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: msgina_WlxReconnectNotify
Symbol: gdi32_EngCreateDeviceBitmap
Symbol: clbcatq_DeleteAllActivatorsForClsid
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingFromStringBindingW
Symbol: msdtctm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: catsrvut_EntryPointDllGetClassObjW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleAlgNameFromSMimeCap
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssSignCertificateDecodeEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteEmptyKeyW
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetFreeSharingServicesPage
Symbol: qmgr_ServiceMain
Symbol: localspl_LclIsSessionZero
Symbol: usrvoica_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexecle
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAppPriorityW
Symbol: odbcjt32_AdvancedDialogProc
Symbol: netshell_HrGetAnswerFileParametersForNetCard
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsicmp
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetMonthOfYear
Symbol: shell32_ILGetSize
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionStatus
Symbol: cmutil_CmFmtMsgA
Symbol: wmpcore_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__heapused
Symbol: user32_CreateMenu
Symbol: wsock32_inet_ntoa
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnumProcessHeaps
Symbol: drprov_NPGetUniversalName
Symbol: esent_JetOSSnapshotFreeze
Symbol: dnsrslvr_SvchostPushServiceGlobals
Symbol: WININET_InternetCrackUrlW
Symbol: expsrv_EbIsProjectOnStack
Symbol: anvioctl_UpdateYUVPalette
Symbol: wuaueng1_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dpnet_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mmfutil_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_simple_bind_sA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyNeg
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCopyOEMInfA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_IDA
Symbol: msvcrt20__ungetch
Symbol: msvcrt20__setmbcp
Symbol: msvcrt20__memccpy
Symbol: termmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntlanui2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCGetEapUserInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbscoll
Symbol: msvcrt40__fpclass
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetMonthOfYear
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextTstEq
Symbol: wmpcd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiGetShortcutTargetA
Symbol: msi_MsiQueryFeatureStateA
Symbol: wmvdmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_StrNCmpIA
Symbol: shell32_StrCmpNIA
Symbol: dmocx_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceTypeControl
Symbol: clusapi_CloseClusterGroup
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetMsiPackageInformation
Symbol: crtdll__spawnlpe
Symbol: user32_GetNextDlgGroupItem
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetUserValueHeap
Symbol: ntdll_NtSecureConnectPort
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColumns
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Class_NameW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsEnableAllocate
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcFreePipeBuffer
Symbol: wintrust_OpenPersonalTrustDBDialog
Symbol: comsvcs_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetTimeFromSystemTime
Symbol: mpr_WNetCancelConnection2A
Symbol: URLMON_CreateURLMonikerEx
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msftedit_SetCustomTextOutHandlerEx
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetSharedAccessSettingsDlg
Symbol: iesetup_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLFetch
Symbol: sens_ServiceMain
Symbol: srclient_CreateFirstRunRp
Symbol: winmm_mmioStringToFOURCCA
Symbol: HAL_HalStartNextProcessor
Symbol: localspl_LclPromptUIPerSessionUser
Symbol: dplayx_gdwDPlaySPRefCount
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumEntriesWow
Symbol: usrcntra_GetInfoToDisplay
Symbol: msvcrt20__wrename
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetRecordCount
Symbol: wmvdmoe_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: nview_DMGetCurrentDesktop
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetRoutingInfoW
Symbol: w32topl_ToplHeapExtractMin
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvDeleteKey
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetExactMatchRoute
Symbol: rsaenh_CPDecrypt
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpSetDefaultProxyConfiguration
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexecle
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextTstEq
Symbol: mscms_InternalGetPS2ColorSpaceArray
Symbol: mmdrv_widMessage
Symbol: glu32_gluCylinder
Symbol: shell32_StrRChrIA
Symbol: jscript_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wmsdmoe2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: user32_GetForegroundWindow
Symbol: user32_CharUpperA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenThreadTokenEx
Symbol: msdart_CharPrevI
Symbol: ipnathlp_RegisterProtocol
Symbol: comsvcs_RegisterComEvents
Symbol: URLMON_RegisterMediaTypes
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetAutoProxyA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlHashA
Symbol: sxs_SxsFindClrSurrogateInformation
Symbol: imm32_ImmEnumRegisterWordW
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQueryNumValueW
Symbol: winsta__NWLogonQueryAdmin
Symbol: advapi32_CredWriteDomainCredentialsW
Symbol: kernel32_ShowConsoleCursor
Symbol: printui_vDocumentDefaults
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsncat
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__execvpe
Symbol: msctf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetButtonInfoW
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubInitialize
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubLoadDefUsageCallData
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupBuildDriversFromPath
Symbol: msvfw32_ICGetInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40__ungetch
Symbol: msvcrt40__setmbcp
Symbol: msvcrt40__memccpy
Symbol: msvbvm50_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: cmutil_CmStripPathAndExtW
Symbol: pstorec_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__stricoll
Symbol: crtdll__initterm
Symbol: crtdll__copysign
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbcmp
Symbol: user32_AlignRects
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetServerName
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetAsyncParam
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaISetTimesSecret
Symbol: MSOERT2_StrTokEx
Symbol: safrslv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_value_free_len
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpFreeDescriptor
Symbol: rasman_RasGetKey
Symbol: msvcrt20_clearerr
Symbol: msvcrt20__setmode
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbspbrk
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomInit
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetBuildGetInfo
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseNextHopInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40__wrename
Symbol: msvbvm60_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrTrapListen
Symbol: jet500_JetRestore2
Symbol: glu32_gluEndCurve
Symbol: ftsrch_SaveIndex
Symbol: shell32_ILGetNext
Symbol: esent97_JetSetCurrentIndex
Symbol: esent97_JetRetrieveColumns
Symbol: esent97_JetExternalRestore
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordBuild_UTF8
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdDeleteSurfaceObject
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReleaseDatabase
Symbol: msvcrt___pioinfo
Symbol: msdart_CharNextI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Create_DevNodeW
Symbol: samsrv_SamrQueryDisplayInformation
Symbol: WININET_InternetGoOnlineW
Symbol: mpr_WNetDisconnectDialog1A
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpCy
Symbol: MSOERT2_IVoidPtrList_CreateInstance
Symbol: msnsspc_SetMSNAccountInfo
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetProviderW
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemWindowsDirectoryW
Symbol: rasman_RasServerPortClose
Symbol: msvcrt20__tempnam
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsninc
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetProviderGuid
Symbol: nview_PMGetCurrentProfile
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvReleaseContext
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubFreeDefUsageCallData
Symbol: setupdll_RenFile
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsncmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__execvpe
Symbol: msvcp50__Getctype
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeySave
Symbol: msls31_LssbFIsSublineEmpty
Symbol: wmvdmoe2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: hlink_HlinkResolveShortcutToString
Symbol: dsprop_FindSheet
Symbol: dmstyle_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCreateSurfaceObject
Symbol: iuengine_InternalDetFilesDownloaded
Symbol: user32_IMPSetIMEA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeSid
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtFindAtom
Symbol: msdart_HtmlHelpI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Open_Class_KeyA
Symbol: gdi32_EngMarkBandingSurface
Symbol: NCTAudioRecord2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgGetLastInstallErrorText
Symbol: msvcp60__Getctype
Symbol: winsta_WinStationQueryInformationA
Symbol: imagehlp_FindDebugInfoFile
Symbol: usrcntra_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfdopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsicmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbbtype
Symbol: msvcrt20__matherr
Symbol: userenv_UnloadUserProfile
Symbol: wshisn_WSHGetSockaddrType
Symbol: drmclien_Encrypt
Symbol: wiavusd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wavemsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: usp10_ScriptPlace
Symbol: usp10_ScriptBreak
Symbol: utildll_GetSystemMessageW
Symbol: softpub_FindCertsByIssuer
Symbol: softpub_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: polstore_IPSecAllocPolStr
Symbol: odbcconf_RunDLL32_FilterRunOnceExRegistration
Symbol: msvcrt40_clearerr
Symbol: msvcrt40__setmode
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbspbrk
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextTstGt
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDescribeLayerPlane
Symbol: mapistub_FixMAPI
Symbol: hotplug_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsLongLow
Symbol: fmifs_QueryLatestFileSystemVersion
Symbol: dssenh_CPDecrypt
Symbol: wmvcore_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionErrorW
Symbol: mstscax_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsicoll
Symbol: user32_OemKeyScan
Symbol: winsrv_UserServerDllInitialization
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryVolumeInformationFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwEnumerateValueKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetSecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationKey
Symbol: rtutils_DeRegisterWaitEventsTimers
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFEnumAttributes
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_GetTypeInfo
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandICW2
Symbol: cmprops_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: secur32_LsaUnregisterPolicyChangeNotification
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasGetPropertyAttributes
Symbol: winmm_midiInOpen
Symbol: winmm_mciExecute
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterServiceCtrlHandlerA
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcmpi
Symbol: kernel32_SetEvent
Symbol: kernel32_QueueUserWorkItem
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyCmp
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizSetEntryName
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbctype
Symbol: iuctl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: xenroll_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetShareGetInfo
Symbol: scripto_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCQueryInterface
Symbol: msvcrt40__tempnam
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextTstGt
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_CLASS_AddRef
Symbol: keymgr_CPlApplet
Symbol: ftsrch_OpenIndex
Symbol: dxtrans_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glRectsv
Symbol: crtdll__strnicmp
Symbol: crtdll__control87
Symbol: msvcrt__daylight
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxLongjmpUnwind
Symbol: user32_VkKeyScanA
Symbol: user32_DrawStateA
Symbol: user32_CreateDialogIndirectParamAorW
Symbol: authz_AuthziLogAuditEvent
Symbol: ntdll_NtReadVirtualMemory
Symbol: mswsock_AcceptEx
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentPoint32W
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1CatMemberInfoDecode
Symbol: URLMON_CompareSecurityIds
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_ChrCmpIW
Symbol: shimgvw_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWritePropBin
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSSetUserConfigA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasAutoDialSharedConnection
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_RegEnumKeyEx
Symbol: usrcntra_GetT35CountryCode
Symbol: msvcrt20__wgetcwd
Symbol: synceng_RemoveAllTwinsFromTwinList
Symbol: slbcsp_CPDecrypt
Symbol: rastapi_AddPorts
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfdopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbbtype
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_CLASS_AddRef
Symbol: msi_MsiGetComponentStateW
Symbol: mmdrv_wodMessage
Symbol: lpk_ftsWordBreak
Symbol: esent97_JetUpdate
Symbol: duser_UtilDrawOutlineRect
Symbol: compstui_SetCPSUIUserData
Symbol: opengl32_glIsList
Symbol: cmutil_CmWinHelp
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrchrA
Symbol: cfgbkend_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: certcli_CASetCACertificate
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIDeleteDSObject
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbcnt
Symbol: user32_ChangeClipboardChain
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumSystemStoreLocation
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSeekMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInterlockedPushEntrySList
Symbol: ntdll_DbgPrintEx
Symbol: msdart_IrtlTrace
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Locate_DevNodeW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsRemoveDsServerW
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFClose
Symbol: expsrv___vbaErrorOverflow
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeEditCreateMimeDocument
Symbol: netapi32_NetAddAlternateComputerName
Symbol: samlib_SamAddMultipleMembersToAlias
Symbol: msvcrt20_getwchar
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsicmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbscspn
Symbol: msvcrt20__cprintf
Symbol: nvcpl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wlnotify_SensStartScreenSaverEvent
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPBlobFromUI
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbctype
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFormatCurrency
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaForEachCollAd
Symbol: msports_SerialPortPropPageProvider
Symbol: ieakeng_IsBitmapFileValidA
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPDecrypt
Symbol: glmf32_glsContext
Symbol: dsuiext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionStatus
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSICreateDSObject
Symbol: msvcrt__purecall
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnccnt
Symbol: ntdll__splitpath
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqObject
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcAsyncAbortCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcAbortAsyncCall
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetUniversalNameW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2ForNextCheck
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssSignCertificateEncodeEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocQueryStringA
Symbol: oakley_IKEQueryStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexecve
Symbol: msvcrt20__strdate
Symbol: msvcrt20___iscsym
Symbol: nview_PMCreateEx
Symbol: nview_NVGetGPUInformation
Symbol: wmv8dmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ir50_qcx_Compress
Symbol: ir41_qcx_Compress
Symbol: rasppp_IpxcpBind
Symbol: qosname_WPUGetQOSTemplate
Symbol: pdh_PdhSetDefaultRealTimeDataSource
Symbol: msvcrt40__wgetcwd
Symbol: msvcrt40__fstati64
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaForEachCollAd
Symbol: msi_MsiViewFetch
Symbol: mmutilse__chkstk
Symbol: jet500_JetReadFile
Symbol: ftsrch_LoadGroup
Symbol: dmsynth_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_AdsTypeToLdapTypeCopyGeneralizedTime
Symbol: wmi_WmiOpenBlock
Symbol: msvcrt__wgetdcwd
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnicmp
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWaitForKeyedEvent
Symbol: esent_JetBeginTransaction2
Symbol: msgina_WlxLogoff
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaGetInfo2W
Symbol: samsrv_SamIReplaceDownlevelDatabase
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsVirtualServerInLocalClusterW
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubCheckCert
Symbol: mpr_WNetConnectionDialog1A
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrNCatA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrChrIA
Symbol: HAL_READ_PORT_BUFFER_UCHAR
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcpyA
Symbol: paqsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexeclp
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsncmp
Symbol: userenv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevQEnum
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvAdjustPhyMemLimits
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltAddA
Symbol: resutils_ClusWorkerCreate
Symbol: pdh_PdhTranslate009CounterA
Symbol: ntmsmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntmsapi_SubmitNtmsOperatorRequestA
Symbol: ntlsapi_NtLicenseRequestW
Symbol: msvcrt40_getwchar
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsicmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbscspn
Symbol: msvcrt40__cprintf
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInputCharCount
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextTstLt
Symbol: msls31_LsGetRubyLsimethods
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminConnectionClearStats
Symbol: fontext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_AddStringToBuffer
Symbol: crtdll__spawnvpe
Symbol: crtdll__snprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsncoll
Symbol: msvcrt__getdrive
Symbol: user32_GetCapture
Symbol: user32_DrawIconEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLockFile
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_init
Symbol: vxblock_NotifyOfDriverUse
Symbol: winscard_SCardReleaseNewReaderEvent
Symbol: gdi32_SetVirtualResolution
Symbol: wintrust_mscat32DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4ForNextCheck
Symbol: MSOERT2_strtrimW
Symbol: AsusVr_ValidMode
Symbol: icwphbk_GetSupportNumbers
Symbol: atl_AtlAxGetHost
Symbol: cryptdlg_CertTrustCleanup
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupVerifyFile
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsrchr
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcspbrk
Symbol: msvcrt20__fpreset
Symbol: usp10_ScriptStringGetOrder
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAppPriorityW
Symbol: rsaenh_CPEncrypt
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexecve
Symbol: msvcrt40__strdate
Symbol: msvcrt40___iscsym
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInputCharCount
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextTstLt
Symbol: msscp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mmdrv_auxMessage
Symbol: hnetwiz_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_DriveType
Symbol: exts_DebugExtensionNotify
Symbol: wuapi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_OpenTcpConnectionAndSend
Symbol: iuengine_InternalFindMatchingDriver
Symbol: msvcrt_localtime
Symbol: msvcrt__flushall
Symbol: user32_SendMessageCallbackA
Symbol: user32_OffsetRect
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetLastWin32Error
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Move_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_Size_ExW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCOwnerA
Symbol: mstext40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCopyBytesZero
Symbol: MSOERT2_IUnknownList_CreateInstance
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegEnumUSValueW
Symbol: dxtmsft_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: query_CollectCIISAPIPerformanceData
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetErrorTextA
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetID
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcatW
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswalpha
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnle
Symbol: nvnt4cpl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wshisn_WSHGetProviderGuid
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleImport
Symbol: storprop_CdromEnableDigitalPlayback
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaStartW
Symbol: odbc32gt_Dispatch2
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexeclp
Symbol: msi_MsiDoActionW
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsCreateStandardDnsNameCopy
Symbol: msvcrt___initenv
Symbol: ntdll_NtFreeVirtualMemory
Symbol: schannel_EnumerateSecurityPackagesA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingSetObject
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcSetAsyncHandle
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcAsyncSetHandle
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetHomeDirectoryW
Symbol: URLMON_URLDownloadToFileW
Symbol: NCTAudioEditor2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: query_SetupCache
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQuerySecurityW
Symbol: scecli_SceGenerateRollback
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFix
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintDestAdd
Symbol: nview_DMSetCurrentDesktop
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetRoutingInfoW
Symbol: uniplat_StopMonitorThread
Symbol: synceng_AddTwinToTwinList
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrinterDriverW
Symbol: msvfw32_ICInstall
Symbol: msvcrt40__fpreset
Symbol: lprhelp_CloseLPR
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapSearchInitPage
Symbol: wmi_ProcessTrace
Symbol: msvcrt_setlocale
Symbol: msvcrt__wexeclpe
Symbol: msvcrt__wasctime
Symbol: msvcrt__fputchar
Symbol: msvcrt___iscsymf
Symbol: user32_SetForegroundWindow
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSReturnLicense
Symbol: crypt32_CertRDNValueToStrA
Symbol: drmstor_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msdart_OutputDebugStringI
Symbol: odbcbcp_SQLLinkedCatalogsA
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCreateDynamicRedirectEx
Symbol: gdi32_QueryFontAssocStatus
Symbol: rpcrt4_long_array_from_ndr
Symbol: wintrust_CatalogCompactHashDatabase
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmIsCiceroEnabled
Symbol: winsta__WinStationNotifyNewSession
Symbol: advapi32_DuplicateEncryptionInfoFile
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnset
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsncpy
Symbol: rastapi_PortGetStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswalpha
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnle
Symbol: crtdll_is_wctype
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbset
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbcpy
Symbol: user32_IMPGetIMEW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSetAsyncParam
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSubtreeSuccessor
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevQGetInfo
Symbol: mscories_Install
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhAcquireFixedLengthBuffer
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTurnOnEEInfoPropagation
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluDoesDTCResourceExistW
Symbol: msltus40_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mscoree_OpenCtrs
Symbol: INETWH32_Internet
Symbol: anvioctl_ReadXRW
Symbol: wuweb_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wucltui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: atl_AtlAxWinInit
Symbol: cabinet_FDITruncateCabinet
Symbol: dsquery_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msnsspc_InitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: webcheck_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rasman_RasSetKey
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enable_DevNode
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswascii
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrinterDataExW
Symbol: rshx32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileDeleteA
Symbol: npptools_NmHeapSetMaxSize
Symbol: msls31_LsdnGetDup
Symbol: mprddm_IfObjectInitiatePersistentConnections
Symbol: iphlpapi_Icmp6ParseReplies
Symbol: dssenh_CPEncrypt
Symbol: dataclen_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptRetrieveObjectByUrlW
Symbol: user32_OemToCharW
Symbol: user32_CharToOemW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSecureConnectPort
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetDirectoryTypeA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrErrVarCopy
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreateInvisible
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteAR
Symbol: dxmrtp_AudioReleaseRenderDeviceInfo
Symbol: msutb_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntmssvc_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOctetsCmp
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCySub
Symbol: usrsvpia_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcscspn
Symbol: wshatm_WSHStringToAddress
Symbol: wshatm_WSHAddressToString
Symbol: nview_NVLoadHook
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventReconnect
Symbol: webvw_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: webvw_DllInstall
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindBinaryProperty
Symbol: winhttp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnset
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsncpy
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcCurrentDirBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcHexBstrFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaEraseKeepData
Symbol: ieakeng_TestURLW
Symbol: icaapi_IcaChannelIoControl
Symbol: netplwiz_DllMain
Symbol: admparse_GetAdmCategoriesA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2CatmullRom
Symbol: crtdll__statusfp
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsicoll
Symbol: msvcrt__fullpath
Symbol: msvcrt__findnext
Symbol: cryptsvc_CryptServiceMain
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetSpoolFileHandle
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantArrayBufferSize
Symbol: ole32_WriteOleStg
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1CatMemberInfoEncode
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetParseUrl
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98About
Symbol: hypertrm_sfGetSessionItem
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonControl2
Symbol: bitsprx2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: sti_ci_WiaDestroyPortList
Symbol: winsta_WinStationConnectW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_ext_sA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateFileMappingA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyInt
Symbol: samlib_SamAddMemberToAlias
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvDocumentEvent
Symbol: webhits_HttpExtensionProc
Symbol: w32topl_ToplListRemoveElem
Symbol: usp10_ScriptShape
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigDialogEdit
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrinterDriverDirectoryW
Symbol: slbcsp_CPEncrypt
Symbol: odbcconf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntmsapi_WaitForNtmsOperatorRequest
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswascii
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcCurrentDirBstr
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcHexBstrFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaEraseKeepData
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcOctBstrFromVar
Symbol: msls31_LsEnumLine
Symbol: iprop_StgCreatePropSetStg
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3CatmullRom
Symbol: crtdll__strnextc
Symbol: user32_EnumWindowStationsA
Symbol: user32_BlockInput
Symbol: crypt32_CryptUnprotectData
Symbol: ntdll_RtlExtendedLargeIntegerDivide
Symbol: gdi32_DeviceCapabilitiesExW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarBstrFromChar
Symbol: anvioctl_InPortD
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteCR
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpNA
Symbol: bitsprx3_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: comaddin_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetPropertyAttributes
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_RenderImageToDDB
Symbol: winmm_midiInGetErrorTextW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarRound
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswspace
Symbol: msvcrt20__wgetenv
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetShareSetInfo
Symbol: winfax_FaxSendDocumentForBroadcastA
Symbol: pdh_PdhOpenQuery
Symbol: perfctrs_CollectNWNBPerformanceData
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCGetSPResModule
Symbol: msvfw32_ICMThunk32
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcOctBstrFromVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargObjAddref
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemCallLd
Symbol: lprhelp_StartJob
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPEncrypt
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenP7RW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4CatmullRom
Symbol: cryptui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryIoCompletion
Symbol: ntdll_LdrVerifyImageMatchesChecksum
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantArrayUnmarshall
Symbol: pswin_InitializeMonitorEx
Symbol: NCTAudioPlayer2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRChrA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrPBrkA
Symbol: kernel32_lstrlenW
Symbol: msvcrt20__isctype
Symbol: msvcrt20__environ
Symbol: nvcpl_updateview
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeSysString
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceCloseLogFile
Symbol: ntmsevt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsUIOptionsA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargObjAddref
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemCallLd
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcShell
Symbol: msi_MsiSetComponentStateW
Symbol: mscms_GetStandardColorSpaceProfileA
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAPCMOpen
Symbol: iphlpapi_DisableMediaSense
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsValidateUtf8Byte
Symbol: crtdll_iswxdigit
Symbol: msvcrt__snwscanf
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFindAtom
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtLockVirtualMemory
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecUTF8String
Symbol: ole32_StgSetTimes
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR4ForNextCheck
Symbol: sxs_SxsEndAssemblyInstall
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetGetFirewallSettingsPage
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilAsnAnyCpy
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcInitUptime
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_next_reference
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_values_len
Symbol: advapi32_MD4Update
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcmpW
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalGetAtomNameA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyMul
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfsopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexecvp
Symbol: msvcrt20__stricmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__strcmpi
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterKeyW
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswspace
Symbol: msvcrt40__wgetenv
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcShell
Symbol: msi_MsiSequenceW
Symbol: jet500_JetCommitTransaction
Symbol: ipmontr_IpmontrGetInfoBlockFromInterfaceInfo
Symbol: ieakeng_GetAdmWindowHandle
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportRegTree2InfW
Symbol: shell32_SHHandleUpdateImage
Symbol: adptif_FwEnableFwInterface
Symbol: dpwsockx_DPWS_GetEnumPort
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsnicmp
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnextc
Symbol: user32_UnlockWindowStation
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplayMonitors
Symbol: user32_CharLowerW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetSecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationKey
Symbol: ntdll_CsrSetPriorityClass
Symbol: drprov_NPGetCaps
Symbol: msdart_lstrcmpiI
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheContainerA
Symbol: expsrv_GetMemObj
Symbol: olecli32_OleRenameClientDoc
Symbol: winmm_mixerClose
Symbol: advapi32_MD5Update
Symbol: advapi32_LookupPrivilegeDisplayNameA
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcsftime
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsspnp
Symbol: nvcpl_NvQTwGetCurrentMode
Symbol: uniplat_UnimodemNotifyTSP
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvSetPixelFormat
Symbol: rastapi_PortSend
Symbol: ntmsapi_DismountNtmsDrive
Symbol: msvcrt40__isctype
Symbol: msvcrt40__environ
Symbol: msi_MsiViewClose
Symbol: msi_MsiQueryProductStateA
Symbol: cmutil_CmFmtMsgW
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsncoll
Symbol: msvcrt__ungetwch
Symbol: user32_GetSubMenu
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgCertMgr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReadVirtualMemory
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAuditAccessAce
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_batch
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedExtension
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarClose
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_RETURNED_USTRING_ARRAY
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetImageTransparencyColor
Symbol: winmm_waveInOpen
Symbol: winmm_gfxOpenGfx
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_simple_bind_sW
Symbol: advapi32_CredGetTargetInfoA
Symbol: comctl32_DSA_DeleteAllItems
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleOutputCharacterA
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupIsGuidNull
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDefaultQueueCallbackA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCopyOEMInfW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_IDW
Symbol: msvcrt20__wtmpnam
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnset
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsncpy
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnve
Symbol: rastapi_PortChangeCallback
Symbol: rasppp_RasSrvrQueryServerAddresses
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLParamData
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfsopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexecvp
Symbol: msvcrt40__stricmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__strcmpi
Symbol: msi_MsiGetShortcutTargetW
Symbol: msi_MsiQueryFeatureStateW
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpReAlloc
Symbol: shell32_StrNCmpIW
Symbol: shell32_StrCmpNIW
Symbol: msxml_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__wfreopen
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsbtype
Symbol: user32_SetCapture
Symbol: wsock32_WSARecvEx
Symbol: ntdll_NtAdjustGroupsToken
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CMP_Init_Detection
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_CreateDecoderEx
Symbol: mpr_WNetCancelConnection2W
Symbol: URLMON_URLOpenPullStreamA
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpHtml
Symbol: winmm_mmioStringToFOURCCW
Symbol: advapi32_CloseServiceHandle
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcpyn
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswdigit
Symbol: msvcrt20__wremove
Symbol: msvcrt20__wmktemp
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnlp
Symbol: sqlunirl__tfopen
Symbol: rtm_DestroyTable
Symbol: photowiz_DllMain
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcsftime
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsspnp
Symbol: wmpui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryLinePointPcp
Symbol: msls31_LsQueryLineCpPpoint
Symbol: jet500_JetRollback
Symbol: shell32_StrRChrIW
Symbol: msvcrt__winmajor
Symbol: msvcrt__wexecvpe
Symbol: msvcrt__mbstrlen
Symbol: user32_CharUpperW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetLastWin32Error
Symbol: ntdll_NtContinue
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLDriverConnectW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSA_FOREST_TRUST_INFORMATION
Symbol: gdi32_PolyPolygon
Symbol: gdi32_CreateHalftonePalette
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeDomainControllerInfoA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8ForNextCheck
Symbol: MSOEACCT_ValidEmailAddress
Symbol: AsusVr_MergeBmps
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetAutoProxyW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlHashW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCSpnA
Symbol: xolehlp_DtcGetTransactionManagerExA
Symbol: winmm_OpenDriver
Symbol: advapi32_StartServiceCtrlDispatcherA
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleNumberOfCommandsA
Symbol: kernel32_GetModuleFileNameA
Symbol: msvcrt20_isxdigit
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswgraph
Symbol: wshisn_WSHAddressToString
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvDocumentPropertySheets
Symbol: sti_RegSTIforWia
Symbol: scarddlg_SCardUIDlgGetPINA
Symbol: odbcconf_EnableNTPrivilege
Symbol: ntmsapi_SatisfyNtmsOperatorRequest
Symbol: msvcrt40__wtmpnam
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnve
Symbol: mmdrv_DriverProc
Symbol: ftsrch_SaveGroup
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrtokA
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetClassInfo
Symbol: syssetup_SetupOobeCleanup
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetBootEntryOrder
Symbol: esent_JetRestore
Symbol: winscard_SCardLocateCardsA
Symbol: winscard_SCardIntroduceReaderGroupA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroTableCharString
Symbol: gdi32_EngGetCurrentCodePage
Symbol: URLMON_CoInstall
Symbol: AsusVr_ReverseDC
Symbol: safrcdlg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: icwdial_DialingErrorDialog
Symbol: msnsspc_ApplyControlToken
Symbol: advapi32_TreeResetNamedSecurityInfoA
Symbol: comctl32_CreateMappedBitmap
Symbol: kernel32_CreateSocketHandle
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Is_Dock_Station_Present
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsnset
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintDestDel
Symbol: nview_NViewGestureSetting
Symbol: spoolss_AddFormW
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminMessageSend
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLBindParam
Symbol: ocmanage_OcCreateSetupPage
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupInstallPrinterDriver
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswdigit
Symbol: msvcrt40__wremove
Symbol: msvcrt40__wmktemp
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnlp
Symbol: localsec_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: jet500_JetGetRecordPosition
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpForwardTableFromStack
Symbol: crtdll__strerror
Symbol: msvcrt__wtempnam
Symbol: msvcrt__scprintf
Symbol: user32_RemoveMenu
Symbol: ntdll__vsnprintf
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLDebug
Symbol: ole32_HENHMETAFILE_UserFree
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluUninitialize
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllGetDTCConnectionManager
Symbol: clbcatex_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mpr_WNetDisconnectDialog1W
Symbol: winmm_midiInStop
Symbol: winmm_PlaySoundA
Symbol: advapi32_CreatePrivateObjectSecurity
Symbol: avifil32_IID_IAVIEditStream
Symbol: msvcrt20__wunlink
Symbol: msvcrt20__strtime
Symbol: osuninst_ExecuteUninstall
Symbol: rsmps_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilResourceTypesEqual
Symbol: pdh_PdhExpandWildCardPathA
Symbol: msvcrt40_isxdigit
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswgraph
Symbol: msvcrt40__wstati64
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcArray
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpI2
Symbol: mspmsnsv_DllMain
Symbol: icm32_CMGetNamedProfileInfo
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnlpe
Symbol: user32_IMPSetIMEW
Symbol: ntdll__snwprintf
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevQSetInfo
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Open_Class_KeyW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_SR_SECURITY_DESCRIPTOR
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_PRIVILEGE_SET
Symbol: gdi32_PlayEnhMetaFileRecord
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertEnhMetaFile
Symbol: gdi32_ExtTextOutA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcNegotiateTransferSyntax
Symbol: mpr_WNetSupportGlobalEnum
Symbol: expsrv_EVENT_SINK2_Release
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetConnectionPerformance
Symbol: query_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: winsta_WinStationQueryInformationW
Symbol: spoolss_SetPrinterDataExW
Symbol: spoolss_ClusterSplIsAlive
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetPropertyTableEx
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsnset
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcArray
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpI2
Symbol: ixsso_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dmloader_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt__timezone
Symbol: user32_UnhookWindowsHookEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFreeVirtualMemory
Symbol: ntdll_RtlStatMemoryStream
Symbol: mpr_MultinetGetErrorTextA
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteMR
Symbol: racpldlg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetpParmsQueryUserProperty
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmIsGuidMapEnable
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOctetsCpy
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcSetLogType
Symbol: HAL_READ_PORT_BUFFER_ULONG
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterServiceCtrlHandlerW
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetFlags
Symbol: kernel32_SetUnhandledExceptionFilter
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterConsoleOS2
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayAllocData
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupAddUser
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvGetString
Symbol: synceng_FindBriefcaseClose
Symbol: storprop_DllMain
Symbol: ntsdexts_critsec
Symbol: msvcrt40__wunlink
Symbol: msvcrt40__strtime
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGet3
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpI4
Symbol: msi_MsiSummaryInfoGetPropertyCount
Symbol: shell32_SHGetDiskFreeSpaceA
Symbol: dbghelp_ImageDirectoryEntryToDataEx
Symbol: cfgbkend_IID_ISettingsComp
Symbol: ccfgnt_IcfgRemoveGlobalDNS
Symbol: msvcrt__stricoll
Symbol: msvcrt__initterm
Symbol: msvcrt__copysign
Symbol: user32_VkKeyScanW
Symbol: user32_InvertRect
Symbol: user32_DrawStateW
Symbol: user32_ClipCursor
Symbol: mspmspsv_DllMain
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLBulkOperations
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLFetch
Symbol: winrnr_RemoveNTDSProvider
Symbol: imeshare_IdSpecialFromIMEColorStyle
Symbol: scecli_SceAppendSecurityProfileInfo
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_free_controlsA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_controls_freeA
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSSetUserConfigW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupSetSystemSourcePath
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsspnp
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetWkstaGetInfo
Symbol: nview_NViewPhysicsSetting
Symbol: uxtheme_IsThemeDialogTextureEnabled
Symbol: rastapi_PortOpen
Symbol: rasser_PortClose
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupSearchRecords
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGet3
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpI4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGet4
Symbol: inseng_GetICifFileFromFile
Symbol: shell32_StrRStrIA
Symbol: diactfrm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrchrW
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsWriteAttributeDefinition
Symbol: crtdll_vfwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__cwprintf
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNumberGenericTableElements
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopySid
Symbol: ntdll_NtFlushKey
Symbol: ODBC32_ODBCInternalConnectW
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLBrowseConnectW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncUTF8String
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPlayPrivatePageEMF
Symbol: ole32_CreateOleAdviseHolder
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFree_SAMPR_SR_SECURITY_DESCRIPTOR
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustGetRegPolicyFlags
Symbol: catsrvut_RegisterUserDllW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsDate
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameCompareAssemblies
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCheckTridentMenu
Symbol: scecli_SceUpdateObjectInfo
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcGetInformationTemplate
Symbol: srclient_ResetSR
Symbol: imagehlp_SearchTreeForFile
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiVoiceStreams
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_QueryValueEx
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnl
Symbol: msvcrt20__tolower
Symbol: msvcrt20__pwctype
Symbol: scredir_SCardRemoveReaderFromGroupA
Symbol: scredir_SCardForgetReaderA
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGet4
Symbol: mprddm_DDMConnectInterface
Symbol: mpg4dmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ieakeng_IsBitmapFileValidW
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CacheSocketInit
Symbol: msvcrt__wstrdate
Symbol: msvcrt__Strftime
Symbol: msvcrt__CxxThrowException
Symbol: crypt32_CertIsValidCRLForCertificate
Symbol: gdi32_CreateRectRgnIndirect
Symbol: gdi32_CreateFontIndirectExA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcEpResolveBinding
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClientInitialize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetUserLogonInformation2
Symbol: wintrust_mssip32DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: WININET_FreeUrlCacheSpaceA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarBstrFromAnsi
Symbol: SHLWAPI_AssocQueryStringW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonSamLogonWithFlags
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserDebugCall
Symbol: secur32_AddSecurityPackageA
Symbol: ssdpapi_DHEnableDeviceHost
Symbol: advapi32_MakeSelfRelativeSD
Symbol: usrrtosa_QUE_get
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrintProvidorW
Symbol: shsvcs_HardwareDetectionServiceMain
Symbol: rastapi_PortInit
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsUIOptionsA
Symbol: mscms_SetStandardColorSpaceProfileA
Symbol: loghours_ConnectionScheduleDialogEx
Symbol: jet500_JetOpenFile
Symbol: glu32_gluPwlCurve
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseFind
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetNtProductType
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetTimer
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrRpcSsDefaultFree
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateLinkFromData
Symbol: ole32_DllDebugObjectRPCHook
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetUserA
Symbol: mpr_WNetConnectionDialog1W
Symbol: mscoree__CorImageUnloading
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrTrimA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrNCatW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrChrIW
Symbol: dsquery_OpenSavedDsQueryW
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpClose
Symbol: advapi32_GetServiceKeyNameA
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcpyW
Symbol: kernel32_GetModuleHandleExA
Symbol: printui_vPrinterPropPages
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupGetInfo
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyPointerType
Symbol: sendmail_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileEltAddW
Symbol: rastapi_PortEnum
Symbol: rasppp_IpxCpInit
Symbol: pdh_PdhTranslate009CounterW
Symbol: ntmsapi_SubmitNtmsOperatorRequestW
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnl
Symbol: msvcrt40__tolower
Symbol: msvcrt40__pwctype
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2Cy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyI2
Symbol: msi_MsiSummaryInfoPersist
Symbol: mapistub_RTFSync
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetMask
Symbol: dssec_DSCreateISecurityInfoObjectEx
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFlushResolverCacheEntry_A
Symbol: dmutil_FreeRgszw
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetClientInfo
Symbol: msvcrt__strnicmp
Symbol: msvcrt__control87
Symbol: user32_EnumPropsA
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminConnectionClearStats
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetBits
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetEvent
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetCursorNameW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmented
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqTransportType
Symbol: profmap_InitializeProfileMappingApi
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetMinuteOfHour
Symbol: expsrv_SetMemObj
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreateInvisible
Symbol: MSOERT2_AppendTempFileList
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsGetDcAddress
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLError
Symbol: winmm_WinmmLogon
Symbol: kernel32_FillConsoleOutputCharacterA
Symbol: msvcrt20_strftime
Symbol: msvcrt20_putwchar
Symbol: msvcrt20__toupper
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnvp
Symbol: wiadefui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAgentMeasurementPeriod
Symbol: rasppp_HelperSetDefaultInterfaceNet
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2Cy
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyI2
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAAuxOpen
Symbol: hid_HidP_MaxDataListLength
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpEnumOptionsV5
Symbol: cmutil_CmBuildFullPathFromRelativeA
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnle
Symbol: msvcrt__strncoll
Symbol: user32_SendMessageCallbackW
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFillSparseFilesA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryIoCompletion
Symbol: netui1_MxFreeUnicodeVector
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCOwnerW
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteSR
Symbol: ComTruSurroundXT_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: atl_AtlDevModeW2A
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmLeaveCoInitCountSkipMode
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmGenerateMessage
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetErrorTextW
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetVb
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterWaitForSingleObject
Symbol: kernel32_CmdBatNotification
Symbol: msvcrt20_vfprintf
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4Cy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyI4
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIOpenLocalFormContainer
Symbol: kbdbene_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetMask
Symbol: psisdecd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_FindAuthoritativeZoneLib
Symbol: apphelp_SdbResolveDatabase
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadDWORDTagRef
Symbol: cscdll_CSCDoLocalRenameExW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLockVirtualMemory
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUniform
Symbol: ntdll_RtlActivateActivationContextUnsafeFast
Symbol: ntdll_NtPrivilegedServiceAuditAlarm
Symbol: schannel_EnumerateSecurityPackagesW
Symbol: samsrv_SampNotifyReplicatedInChange
Symbol: expsrv_rtcAbsVar
Symbol: expsrv_GetMemVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2Abs
Symbol: MSOEACCT_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpIW
Symbol: netapi32_DsDeregisterDnsHostRecordsA
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswalnum
Symbol: msvcrt20_fwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20__wpgmptr
Symbol: msvcrt20__wperror
Symbol: winntbbu_SetStep
Symbol: spoolss_ReplyClosePrinter
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceGetDevConfig
Symbol: pdh_PdhCalculateCounterFromRawValue
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupIsOemDriver
Symbol: msvcrt40_strftime
Symbol: msvcrt40_putwchar
Symbol: msvcrt40__toupper
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnvp
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4Cy
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyI4
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsWriteReverseNameStringForIpAddress
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3b
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrStrA
Symbol: msvcrt__winminor
Symbol: crypt32_CertRDNValueToStrW
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateCertificateContext
Symbol: odbcbcp_SQLLinkedCatalogsW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsSetLocalVolumeState
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheckByTypeResultList
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_DragMove
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetCredentialsA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintJobEnum
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHEnumProtocols
Symbol: tapi32_lineTranslateDialogA
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrinterDriverW
Symbol: setupdll_SetCurrentLayout
Symbol: rastapi_RastapiGetCalledID
Symbol: msvcrt40_vfprintf
Symbol: msvcp50_wcsrtombs
Symbol: msvcp50_mbsrtowcs
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcRound
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetStreamReadName
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4b
Symbol: adsldpc_BuildADsParentPath
Symbol: msvcrt__spawnvpe
Symbol: msvcrt__snprintf
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventExA
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEndDocEMF
Symbol: rpcrt4_short_from_ndr_temp
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILE_UserMarshal
Symbol: expsrv_rtcChoose
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4Abs
Symbol: anvioctl_InPortW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrChrNW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosAddName
Symbol: msvcp60_wcsrtombs
Symbol: msvcp60_mbsrtowcs
Symbol: regapi_RegGetMachinePolicy
Symbol: kernel32_CloseConsoleHandle
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEapUserDataA
Symbol: msvcrt20_wcstombs
Symbol: msvcrt20_mbstowcs
Symbol: msvcrt20__strnset
Symbol: smlogcfg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyBusTypeList
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsProfileDeleteW
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_GetResourceString
Symbol: ntmarta_AccConvertAccessToSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswalnum
Symbol: msvcrt40_fwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40__wpgmptr
Symbol: msvcrt40__wperror
Symbol: msvcp50_towctrans
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaAryConstruct2
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVargUnkAddref
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNew2
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpR4
Symbol: shell32_PathYetAnotherMakeUniqueName
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3d
Symbol: msvcrt__sys_nerr
Symbol: user32_MoveWindow
Symbol: crypt32_PFXImportCertStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAdjustGroupsToken
Symbol: msdart_lstrcpynI
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCancelRedirect
Symbol: mswsock_s_perror
Symbol: ole32_CreateStreamOnHGlobal
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetDirectoryTypeW
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetClientInfoA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrStrIA
Symbol: msvcp60_towctrans
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGetLanAdapterNameA
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasesA
Symbol: usrcntra_GetSupportedT35CountryList
Symbol: synceng_AnyTwins
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetPropertyFormats
Symbol: polstore_IPSecGetAssignedPolicyData
Symbol: odbcconf_ParseVersionDataFromString
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVargUnkAddref
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNew2
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpR4
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4d
Symbol: admparse_GetAdmCategoriesW
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetTagFromTagID
Symbol: syssetup_SetupOobeInitPostServices
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSInit
Symbol: activeds_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntdll_ZwContinue
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexArrayFree
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_CountRefs
Symbol: ole32_CoCopyProxy
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMidVar
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetErl
Symbol: expsrv___vbaForEachCollObj
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteXR
Symbol: cryptdlg_DecodeRecipientID
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWritePropStr
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare_ext_sW
Symbol: advapi32_CredReadA
Symbol: kernel32_CreateFileMappingW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasQueryRedialOnLinkFailure
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Sibling_Ex
Symbol: swprv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: swprv_DllInstall
Symbol: spoolss_XcvDataW
Symbol: sendcmsg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt40_wcstombs
Symbol: msvcrt40_mbstowcs
Symbol: msvcrt40__strnset
Symbol: icaapi_IcaPushConsoleStack
Symbol: dpnmodem_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: deskperf_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dbghelp_ImagehlpApiVersion
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3f
Symbol: msvcrt__wcserror
Symbol: user32_EnumWindowStationsW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetBootEntryOrder
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseLock
Symbol: gdi32_GdiReleaseDC
Symbol: ole32_OleSetContainedObject
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarBstrFromByte
Symbol: expsrv_rtcErrObj
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpNW
Symbol: mmcndmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminFreeBuffer
Symbol: regapi_RegUserConfigDelete
Symbol: advapi32_DeleteAce
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetFlags
Symbol: kernel32_MapUserPhysicalPagesScatter
Symbol: kernel32_CreateRemoteThread
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileGetLineMark
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnv
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupDelUser
Symbol: winfax_FaxSendDocumentForBroadcastW
Symbol: sqlwid_strerror_
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphShutdown
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingExportA
Symbol: odbcjt32_SelectIndexDlgProc
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSplit
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaExceptHandler
Symbol: ip6fwapi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: filemgmt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetMScopeInfo
Symbol: dfrgsnap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: csseqchk_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4f
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceManagerPrintA
Symbol: d3dim700_Direct3DCreateDevice
Symbol: msvcrt_is_wctype
Symbol: msvcrt__wenviron
Symbol: msvcrt__wcstoui64
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSStopDiscovery
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminServerGetCredentials
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNtQueryValueKey
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_initA
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHEnumProtocols
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDIBPatternBrush
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcPauseExecution
Symbol: samsrv_SamrEnumerateAliasesInDomain
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNextEachCollAd
Symbol: olecli32_OleRevokeClientDoc
Symbol: asustips_SetHintTextColor
Symbol: MSHTML_PrintHTML
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRChrW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrPBrkW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpOpenConfigData
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetAccountDeltas
Symbol: ssdpapi_FindServicesCancel
Symbol: advapi32_SaferIdentifyLevel
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswcntrl
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetWkstaSetInfo
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsUIOptionsW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaExceptHandler
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateMemCallSt
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpR8
Symbol: mscms_GetStandardColorSpaceProfileW
Symbol: mmutilse_wcsncpy
Symbol: iassam_IASParmsSetRasUser0
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookParseInfoA
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookFreeFilter
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminConnectionClearStats
Symbol: wsock32_WSApSetPostRoutine
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRCContextMarshall
Symbol: msdtctm_ASCDeliverDeferred
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustSetRegPolicyFlags
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFilter
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_CLASS_Release
Symbol: hypertrm_sfPutSessionItem
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCandidateWindow
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcSetInformationTemplate
Symbol: winmm_waveInStop
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_s
Symbol: advapi32_TraceEventInstance
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalGetAtomNameW
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamSetNameA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetActualSectionToInstallExA
Symbol: spoolss_AddPortW
Symbol: rcbdyctl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: nwprovau_NwSetInfoInWksta
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnv
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateMemCallSt
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpR8
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFEnumCatAttributes
Symbol: msapsspc_EnumerateSecurityPackagesA
Symbol: msafd_WSPStartup
Symbol: mp4sdmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mimefilt_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3i
Symbol: adptif_IpxGetAdapterConfig
Symbol: crtdll_vswprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__statusfp
Symbol: user32_wvsprintfA
Symbol: mstlsapi_LsCsp_DecryptEnvelopedData
Symbol: davclnt_NPCancelConnection
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmented
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecCharString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingInqOption
Symbol: ole32_CoGetInstanceFromFile
Symbol: WININET_FindFirstUrlCacheContainerW
Symbol: olecli32_OleSetTargetDevice
Symbol: mapi32_HrSetOmiProvidersFlagsInvalid
Symbol: advapi32_LookupPrivilegeDisplayNameW
Symbol: advapi32_ElfNumberOfRecords
Symbol: kernel32_TerminateJobObject
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswctype
Symbol: msvcrt20__wputenv
Symbol: wiavideo_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePerMachineConnectionW
Symbol: setupdll_ToLower
Symbol: odbcconf_GetProcessListFromFileList
Symbol: odbcconf_RefreshAppRegEnum
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswcntrl
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcInStr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR4Cy
Symbol: msi_MsiQueryProductStateW
Symbol: langwrbk_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: docprop2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4i
Symbol: capesnpn_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wmasf_ASFFindStreamPropertiesObject
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnve
Symbol: user32_ReasonCodeNeedsBugID
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1char32string_free
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerTestCancel
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtEpEltInqDone
Symbol: ole32_CoCancelCall
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLenVar
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeEditDocumentFromStream
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawEnumerateA
Symbol: psapi_GetModuleFileNameExA
Symbol: advapi32_CredGetTargetInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleOutputCharacterW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDefaultQueueCallbackW
Symbol: userenv_RsopSetPolicySettingStatus
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupSetInfo
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiIsObjectActive
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcInStr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR4Cy
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_CLASS_Invoke
Symbol: dmdskmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetClientInfo
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnlp
Symbol: crypt32_PFXExportCertStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFlushKey
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetCursorNameW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaINotifyChangeNotification
Symbol: URLMON_URLOpenPullStreamW
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrFindInetTimeZone
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxEscape
Symbol: regapi_RegUserConfigRename
Symbol: srclient_SRRegisterSnapshotCallback
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_bindA
Symbol: advapi32_LookupAccountNameA
Symbol: kernel32_OpenWaitableTimerA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetFileQueueAlternatePlatformA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiMoveDuplicateDevice
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventPostShell
Symbol: traffic_TcDeregisterClient
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilDupString
Symbol: ntlanui_NPGetPropertyText
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswctype
Symbol: msvcrt40__wputenv
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_CLASS_Invoke
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFileSignatureInformationA
Symbol: amstream_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: crtdll___argc_dll
Symbol: msvcrt_iswxdigit
Symbol: esent_JetGetTruncateLogInfoInstance
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1char16string_free
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeDomainControllerInfoW
Symbol: expsrv_PutMemObj
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateVirtualStream
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsSpaceA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCSpnW
Symbol: cabinet_FCICreate
Symbol: xolehlp_DtcGetTransactionManagerExW
Symbol: scecli_SceIsSystemDatabase
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetVb
Symbol: advapi32_StartServiceCtrlDispatcherW
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleNumberOfCommandsW
Symbol: kernel32_GetModuleFileNameW
Symbol: msvcrt20__wsystem
Symbol: usp10_ScriptXtoCP
Symbol: usp10_ScriptCPtoX
Symbol: synceng_FindFirstBriefcase
Symbol: security_QuerySecurityContextToken
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDStatus
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrtokW
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNetInterfaceState
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundCaptureEnumerateA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetTimer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitCodePageTable
Symbol: winscard_SCardLocateCardsW
Symbol: winscard_SCardIntroduceReaderGroupW
Symbol: gdi32_ClearBitmapAttributes
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingSetOption
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrVaryingArrayFree
Symbol: advpack_LaunchINFSectionEx
Symbol: expsrv_SetMemVar
Symbol: mscoree_CreateConfigStream
Symbol: anvioctl_OutPort
Symbol: MMCapWin_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wuaueng1_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mswebdvd_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cabinet_FDICreate
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNMMDVDROMGetDVDROMDriveStrings
Symbol: winsta_WinStationEnumerate_IndexedA
Symbol: advapi32_TreeResetNamedSecurityInfoW
Symbol: advapi32_InstallApplication
Symbol: imagehlp_SymFindFileInPath
Symbol: msvcrt20_vsprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswlower
Symbol: unimdmat_UmAbortCurrentModemCommand
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestMakeCallA
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetupConferenceA
Symbol: sigtab_DriverSigningDialog
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceSetDevConfig
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlGetOsVersion
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8Cy
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCopyAllocate
Symbol: autodisc_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadQWORDTagRef
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindFirstTagRef
Symbol: syssetup_pSetupDebugPrint
Symbol: msvcrt__wstrtime
Symbol: user32_ShowWindow
Symbol: cscdll_CSCIsServerOfflineA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetEvent
Symbol: ntdll_DbgUiWaitStateChange
Symbol: clbcatq_OpenComponentLibraryOnMemEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantArrayMemorySize
Symbol: ole32_GetRunningObjectTable
Symbol: INETCOMM_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msdtclog_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: winmm_PlaySoundW
Symbol: mcinsctl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kernel32_GetUserDefaultLCID
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetCredentialsA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Modify_Res_Des
Symbol: msvcrt20_swprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswpunct
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestMediaCall
Symbol: spoolss_GetFormW
Symbol: rtm_RtmLockRoute
Symbol: rastapi_RastapiSetCalledID
Symbol: pdh_PdhExpandWildCardPathW
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRemoveDNSRegistrations
Symbol: msvcrt40__wsystem
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8Cy
Symbol: wstdecod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_Shell_GetImageLists
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLineFromAddr
Symbol: drmv2clt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wmsdmoe2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll___eFADDPreg
Symbol: gdi32_ExtTextOutW
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterChannelHook
Symbol: cryptdll_MD5Final
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleCreateBody
Symbol: cryptdlg_EncodeRecipientID
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosDelName
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetEapUserDataA
Symbol: stobject_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wshatm_WSHNotify
Symbol: tapi32_tapiGetLocationInfoA
Symbol: nwprovau_NwSetLogonScript
Symbol: msvcrt40_vsprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswlower
Symbol: mshtmled_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: iasrecst_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCATW
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeFlags
Symbol: ntdll_ZwPrivilegedServiceAuditAlarm
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryKey
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateLinkToFileEx
Symbol: ole32_HGLOBAL_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: samsrv_SampWriteGroupType
Symbol: ws2help_WahCompleteRequest
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvUninstallCrush
Symbol: mpr_MultinetGetErrorTextW
Symbol: MSOERT2_GetDllMajorVersion
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetClientInfoA
Symbol: netapi32_NetMessageNameEnum
Symbol: winmm_WOWAppExit
Symbol: HAL_HalTranslateBusAddress
Symbol: kernel32_DebugActiveProcess
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiIssueRxVoice
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswupper
Symbol: winstrm_s_perror
Symbol: perfos_CollectOSObjectData
Symbol: inetmib1_SnmpExtensionInit
Symbol: netshell_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvcrt40_swprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswpunct
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideQualifiedComponentExA
Symbol: ieakeng_CheckVerA
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetSubnetInfo
Symbol: d3dim_Direct3DCreateTexture
Symbol: admparse_ResetAdmDirtyFlag
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpCheckRunApp
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLogStackBackTrace
Symbol: netui1_MNetUseAdd
Symbol: ole32_HENHMETAFILE_UserSize
Symbol: expsrv_GetMemStr
Symbol: olecli32_DefCreate
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHReleaseThreadRef
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmEnterCoInitCountSkipMode
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminCompressPhoneNumber
Symbol: url_MIMEAssociationDialogA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_free_controlsW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_controls_freeW
Symbol: HAL_KeTryToAcquireQueuedSpinLockRaiseToSynch
Symbol: kernel32_EscapeCommFunction
Symbol: kernel32_EndUpdateResourceA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasAutodialAddressToNetwork
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassGuidsFromNameA
Symbol: msvcrt20_vwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswprint
Symbol: polstore_IPSecIsLocalPolicyAssigned
Symbol: wzcsapi_MIDL_user_allocate
Symbol: msconf_CleanupNetMeetingDispDriverW
Symbol: wmvdmoe2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_StrRStrIW
Symbol: duser_ForwardGadgetMessage
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_CloseConnection
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCERW
Symbol: msvcrt__strerror
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareEnumSticky
Symbol: netui0_UserPreferenceQuery
Symbol: esent_JetGotoSecondaryIndexBookmark
Symbol: msdart_SendDlgItemMessageI
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCreateRedirect
Symbol: gdi32_GetMetaFileA
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterClassObject
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFixVar
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMsgBox
Symbol: olecli32_ErrSetTargetDevice
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrGetLastOpenFileDirectory
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCpyNW
Symbol: netapi32_NetScheduleJobEnum
Symbol: ntlanman_NPAddConnection3ForCSCAgent
Symbol: kbdazel_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: winsta__WinStationFUSCanRemoteUserDisconnect
Symbol: samlib_SamAddMemberToGroup
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_Remove_SubTree_Ex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Dup_Range_List
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiIssueTxVoice
Symbol: wlnotify_SensStartupEvent
Symbol: uniplat_notifCreateChannel
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetCallPrivilege
Symbol: scredir_SCardRemoveReaderFromGroupW
Symbol: scredir_SCardForgetReaderW
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaEnumCollectionsA
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswupper
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAStartUp
Symbol: shell32_RealShellExecuteExA
Symbol: exts_cs
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetClientInfoDS
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetMScopeInfo
Symbol: dfsshlex_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3s
Symbol: msvcrt__strtoui64
Symbol: cscdll_CSCDeleteA
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigBufferFree
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminServerSetCredentials
Symbol: msdart_GetDiskFreeSpaceExI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecOctetString_VarSize
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncCharString
Symbol: gdi32_CreateFontIndirectExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_SimpleTypeAlignment
Symbol: ole32_CoFreeUnusedLibraries
Symbol: WININET_FreeUrlCacheSpaceW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSgnVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaForEachCollVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2Sgn
Symbol: olecli32_OleRevertClientDoc
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrSetDirtyFlagImpl
Symbol: compatui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyNtdsDsaDeletion
Symbol: secur32_AddSecurityPackageW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSendEndOfPage
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorLength
Symbol: advapi32_CryptDuplicateHash
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetModuleBase64
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageRvaToSection
Symbol: kernel32_WritePrivateProfileSectionA
Symbol: oleaut32_OleLoadPictureFile
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamSetInfoA
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetResourceDependencyByClass
Symbol: inetmib1_SnmpExtensionTrap
Symbol: ntsdexts_version
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsUIOptionsW
Symbol: msvcrt40_vwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswprint
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPut3
Symbol: mspatcha_ApplyPatchToFileA
Symbol: mscms_SetStandardColorSpaceProfileW
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetPerAdapterInfo
Symbol: exts_sd
Symbol: esent97_JetSetCurrentIndex2
Symbol: duser_UnregisterGadgetMessageString
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpEnumOptionsV5DS
Symbol: dmcompos_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRpcFreeMemory
Symbol: msnetobj_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4s
Symbol: dpnhpast_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: batmeter_PowerCapabilities
Symbol: user32_ShowCursor
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgSelectCertificateFromStore
Symbol: wsock32_rresvport
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapAlloc
Symbol: h323msp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: winscard_SCardListReadersA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncCharString
Symbol: gdi32_DeleteObject
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetUserW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSwitch
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2Var
Symbol: olecli32_OleCopyToClipboard
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrAthGetFileNameW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrTrimW
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetCandidateWindow
Symbol: imm32_ImmCreateSoftKeyboard
Symbol: remotepg_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: winmm_gfxDestroyDeviceInterfaceList
Symbol: advapi32_GetServiceKeyNameW
Symbol: kernel32_GetModuleHandleExW
Symbol: rasman_RasCreateConnection
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassBitmapIndex
Symbol: msvcrt20_towlower
Symbol: msvcrt20_strerror
Symbol: scardssp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ntsdexts_runaway
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPut3
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaPut4
Symbol: msyuv_DriverProc
Symbol: esent97_JetSetCurrentIndex3
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFlushResolverCacheEntry_W
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLineFromName
Symbol: cfgbkend_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: certcli_CACloseCA
Symbol: netui2_BltDlgProc
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnvp
Symbol: user32_EnumPropsW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerInitialize
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4Sgn
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFpUI1
Symbol: mscoree_GetRealProcAddress
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsLFNFileSpecA
Symbol: wmvcore2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: srclient_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tscfgwmi_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: kernel32_SetCriticalSectionSpinCount
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumePathNameA
Symbol: kernel32_GetProfileSectionA
Symbol: kernel32_FillConsoleOutputCharacterW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateDirectoryExA
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetQueueMeasurementPeriod
Symbol: rsvpperf_CollectRsvpPerformanceData
Symbol: routetab_GetIPAddressTable
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupEnumMonitor
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastRenewAddress
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaPut4
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpForwardTable
Symbol: iaspolcy_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shell32_SHGetFolderLocation
Symbol: eventcls_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: esent97_JetSetCurrentIndex4
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsDhcpSrvRegisterInitialize
Symbol: dbghelp_MakeSureDirectoryPathExists
Symbol: cmutil_CmBuildFullPathFromRelativeW
Symbol: msvcrt_vfwprintf
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFillSparseFilesW
Symbol: esent_JetCloseFileInstance
Symbol: schannel_FreeContextBuffer
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrOleFree
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIntVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4Var
Symbol: riched20_CreateTextServices
Symbol: scecli_SceDcPromoCreateGPOsInSysvol
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileAttributesA
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentThreadId
Symbol: oleaut32_RevokeActiveObject
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvAllowConnectionsConfig
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallServicesFromInfSectionA
Symbol: usrrtosa_QUE_put
Symbol: msrating_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateCategoryMgr
Symbol: wmv8dmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: utildll_CompareElapsedTime
Symbol: security_EnumerateSecurityPackagesA
Symbol: msvcrt40_towlower
Symbol: msvcrt40_strerror
Symbol: mapistub_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ipsecsnp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ieakeng_SignFileA
Symbol: acledit_SedSystemAclEditor
Symbol: esent_JetGetTableIndexInfo
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecCharString
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqLocalClientPID
Symbol: olecli32_BmGetData
Symbol: SHDOCVW_HlinkFrameNavigate
Symbol: netapi32_DsDeregisterDnsHostRecordsW
Symbol: stclient_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ssdpapi_DHSetICSInterfaces
Symbol: kbdhept_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_next_attribute
Symbol: advapi32_CreateWellKnownSid
Symbol: msv1_0_Msv1_0SubAuthenticationPresent
Symbol: usrcntra_UnLoadCountrySpecificTable
Symbol: msvcrt20_towupper
Symbol: wshisn_WSHNotify
Symbol: tapi32_lineTranslateAddress
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarVargNofree
Symbol: msvidctl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportToolbarInfoA
Symbol: esent97_JetGetObjidFromName
Symbol: diskcopy_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dmscript_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrStrW
Symbol: wmasf_ASFWriteHeaderToFile
Symbol: crtdll__ismbblead
Symbol: msvcrt___p___argc
Symbol: user32_VTagOutput
Symbol: activeds_ADsFreeEnumerator
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDetermineDosPathNameType_U
Symbol: winipsec_CloseTransportFilterHandle
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextCharacterExtra
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerRegisterIf
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRSContextMarshall
Symbol: URLMON_CDLGetLongPathNameA
Symbol: inetcfg_ConfigureSystemForInternetA
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetConfigValue
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerSetServiceBitsEx
Symbol: rdpcfgex_ExtGetEncryptionLevelDescr
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetCredentialsW
Symbol: samlib_SamConnectWithCreds
Symbol: tapi32_lineTranslateDialogW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetTranslateCaps
Symbol: psnppagn_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLCancel
Symbol: nmmkcert_NmMakeCertCleanup
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarVargNofree
Symbol: msaatext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ieakeng_GetFavoritesNumber
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetOptionInfo
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetAllOptions
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCRLW
Symbol: cmcfg32_CMConfigEx
Symbol: crtdll___threadid
Symbol: syssetup_RunOEMExtraTasks
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventExW
Symbol: rpcrt4_pfnMarshallRoutines
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcIfInqId
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeAlignSize
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetConnectedStateEx
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsNull
Symbol: olecli32_LeGetData
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleGetDcOperationResults
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminPortClearStatistics
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSQueryUserToken
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetLBound
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamWriteData
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetEapUserDataW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetBackupInformationA
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_UnregisterNotification
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaDeleteA
Symbol: msvcrt40_towupper
Symbol: infosoft_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: atmpvcno_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: acledit_EditPermissionInfo
Symbol: cscdll_CheckCSCEx
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetConnectOptionA
Symbol: msdart_CreateFontIndirectI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_Decode
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpMemoryIncrement
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv_PutMemVar
Symbol: olecli32_PbGetData
Symbol: inetcfg_InetGetClientInfoW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrStrIW
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNMMDVDROMSetRPCRegion
Symbol: winsta__WinStationCallback
Symbol: winsta_WinStationGetLanAdapterNameW
Symbol: advapi32_A_SHAInit
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasesW
Symbol: msrating_RatingFreeDetails
Symbol: spoolss_SetFormW
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupRegisterEvent
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaCreateA
Symbol: perfts_CollectTSObjectData
Symbol: mmcshext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mdwmdmsp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dssec_DSCreateSecurityPage
Symbol: dpnwsock_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsdmoprp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenCTLW
Symbol: adsmsext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsObject
Symbol: crtdll__fmode_dll
Symbol: esent_JetEndExternalBackup
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLGetPrivateProfileStringW
Symbol: gdi32_CreateBitmap
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidCreate
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrProxySendReceive
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1Cy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyUI1
Symbol: olecli32_MfGetData
Symbol: sbeio_DVRCreateDVRFileSink
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetConfigDword
Symbol: HAL_HalGetAdapter
Symbol: advapi32_WmiParseTraceEvent
Symbol: advapi32_UnregisterIdleTask
Symbol: advapi32_CredReadW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumDateFormatsExA
Symbol: msv1_0_LsaApLogonTerminated
Symbol: p2pnetsh_GetResourceString
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLCancel
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminPortGetInfo
Symbol: kerberos_KerbIsInitialized
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetCurrentCountryId
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypeFlags
Symbol: d3dim700_PaletteUpdateNotify
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxRegisterExceptionObject
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCertificatePropertiesA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptDecryptAndVerifyMessageSignature
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateSystemVolumeInformationFolder
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_pfdg
Symbol: ole32_HBITMAP_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: ole32_CoAddRefServerProcess
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosReceive
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonSamLogon
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserResetNetlogonState
Symbol: webcheck_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_QueryWindows31FilesMigration
Symbol: kernel32_GetComputerNameExA
Symbol: kernel32_ContinueDebugEvent
Symbol: nvwdmcpl_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: uniplat_UnimodemReadFileEx
Symbol: rtm_RtmReleaseChangedDests
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingExportW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLAllocStmt
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRedimPreserve
Symbol: msls31_LsFetchAppendToCurrentSubline
Symbol: wmspdmod_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: ipsmsnap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: hlink_HlinkUpdateStackItem
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetSubnetInfo
Symbol: dataclen_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceManagerPrintW
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbkana
Symbol: syssetup_InstallWindowsNt
Symbol: netui1_MNetUseDel
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_initW
Symbol: schannel_InitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncOctetString_VarSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleStructFree
Symbol: ole32_OleIsCurrentClipboard
Symbol: ole32_DcomChannelSetHResult
Symbol: advpack_GetVersionFromFile
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_GetDotClock
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetAccessGetInfo
Symbol: servdeps_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: vdmredir_VrIsNamedPipeName
Symbol: winsta_WinStationRegisterConsoleNotification
Symbol: advapi32_LsaDelete
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecAdd
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileGetLineType
Symbol: uxtheme_IsThemePartDefined
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLNumParams
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRedimPreserve
Symbol: wmpshell_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msls31_LsdnModifyParaEnding
Symbol: msimg32_AlphaBlend
Symbol: wmspdmoe_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dskquota_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR4Sgn
Symbol: olecli32_BmRelease
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszFromANSIStreamA
Symbol: bitsprx2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: sti_ci_WiaCreateWizardMenu
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasValidateItemProperties
Symbol: HAL_HalGetBusData
Symbol: kernel32_HeapSetInformation
Symbol: kernel32_GetLargestConsoleWindowSize
Symbol: kernel32_CreateNlsSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamSetNameW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetActualSectionToInstallExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_HW_Prof_Ex
Symbol: wiashext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: vbscript_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupdll_FindFileInstances
Symbol: odbcconf_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK_Release
Symbol: msapsspc_EnumerateSecurityPackagesW
Symbol: mciole32_DllCreate
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetClientInfoDS
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordSetCompare
Symbol: dpnhupnp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetDn
Symbol: adsldpc_BerBvFree
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneDotNormal
Symbol: crtdll___argv_dll
Symbol: user32_wvsprintfW
Symbol: user32_DdeClientTransaction
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeChar
Symbol: ntdll_CsrFreeCaptureBuffer
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColumnPrivilegesA
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextFaceA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtEpUnregister
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFreeSidAndAttributesList
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR4Var
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrStrNW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCompactPathExA
Symbol: bitsprx3_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: comaddin_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ber_bvfree
Symbol: advapi32_CryptContextAddRef
Symbol: kernel32_HeapAlloc
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfilePutLineMark
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetCallTreatment
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK_Release
Symbol: dnsapi_NetInfo_IsForUpdate
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneNormalize
Symbol: user32_TranslateAccelerator
Symbol: user32_DdeImpersonateClient
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsDosDeviceName_U
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeGetNetlogonServiceBits
Symbol: olecli32_LeRelease
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteOrphanKeyA
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawEnumerateW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsGetVersion
Symbol: psapi_GetModuleFileNameExW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_openA
Symbol: comctl32_UninitializeFlatSB
Symbol: imagehlp_RemoveRelocations
Symbol: kernel32_EnumResourceNamesA
Symbol: oleaut32_OleLoadPicturePath
Symbol: oleaut32_LHashValOfNameSysA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileGetLineText
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetThreadContext
Symbol: setupdll_GetDevicemapValue
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetMultiSzProperty
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupGetProperties
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLNativeSql
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconResInfoA
Symbol: dsauth_StoreCreateObjectVA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetSScopeInfo
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookCopyFilter
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapFirstAttribute
Symbol: ntdll_RtlComputePrivatizedDllName_U
Symbol: ntdll_NtMapUserPhysicalPagesScatter
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLProcedureColumnsA
Symbol: schannel_CompleteAuthToken
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncCharString
Symbol: gdi32_SelectObject
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATCDFEnumAttributesWithCDFTag
Symbol: olecli32_ObjRename
Symbol: olecli32_OleDelete
Symbol: credui_CredUIStoreSSOCredA
Symbol: kd1394_KdSendPacket
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_bindW
Symbol: advapi32_LookupAccountNameW
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterConsoleIME
Symbol: kernel32_OpenWaitableTimerW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleCharType
Symbol: rasman_RasSendNotification
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetFileQueueAlternatePlatformW
Symbol: wmstream_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_lineHandoff
Symbol: tapi32_lineCompleteTransfer
Symbol: snmpsnap_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminSessionEnum
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLCancel
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupIsTheDriverFoundInInfInstalled
Symbol: msi_MsiGetFileSignatureInformationW
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIAdminProfiles
Symbol: iphlpapi_RestoreMediaSense
Symbol: glmf32_glsBeginObj
Symbol: msdmo_MoDuplicateMediaType
Symbol: opengl32_glDisable
Symbol: msvcrt___crtGetLocaleInfoW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgVerifyCountersignatureEncoded
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserServerDisconnect
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateMailslotFile
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecZeroMultibyteString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcCertGeneratePrincipalNameA
Symbol: ole32_CoSuspendClassObjects
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8Sgn
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLateMemStAd
Symbol: olecli32_MfRelease
Symbol: olecli32_OleCreate
Symbol: BROWSEUI_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameTokenFromAssembly
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsSpaceW
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetColorAdj
Symbol: imeshare_FRGBIMEColorStyle
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_initA
Symbol: wldap32_cldap_open
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileAttributesA
Symbol: kernel32_GetExitCodeProcess
Symbol: oleaut32_OleSavePictureFile
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDateFromUdateEx
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetUBound
Symbol: rsaenh_CPHashData
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetConnectionPerformance
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRequestParams
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetCenterPoint
Symbol: wmnetmgr_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundCaptureEnumerateW
Symbol: nddenb32_Configure
Symbol: msvcrt_vswprintf
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptFreeLruCache
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAuditPasswordAccessEvent
Symbol: gdi32_FONTOBJ_pifi
Symbol: ole32_STGMEDIUM_UserMarshal
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8Var
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsAdd
Symbol: DMO_TSXT_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: winmm_midiOutPrepareHeader
Symbol: winsta_WinStationEnumerate_IndexedW
Symbol: kernel32_LocalFree
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrencyFormatA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDeleteSubEntryA
Symbol: MSSTDFMT_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: setupapi_VerifyCatalogFile
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Version_Ex
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestMakeCallW
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetupConferenceW
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_read
Symbol: crtdll__ismbckata
Symbol: crtdll__endthread
Symbol: cscdll_CSCIsServerOfflineW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetActiveActivationContext
Symbol: ntdll_NtTerminateJobObject
Symbol: esent_JetPrepareToCommitTransaction
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_Encode
Symbol: gdi32_SetTextCharacterExtra
Symbol: samsrv_SamILoopbackConnect
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrI2
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI2Str
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonUasLogon
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSShutdownSystem
Symbol: HAL_HalInitializeProcessor
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityInfoExA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetModuleInfo64
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleFontInfo
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteTimerQueueEx
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetCredentialsW
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetExtendedMode
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetSubnetInfoDS
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetOptionInfo
Symbol: admparse_AdmInitA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetCallersAddress
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpVarVtOfTypeDesc
Symbol: ole32_HDC_UserFree
Symbol: ole32_CoCreateGuid
Symbol: samsrv_SamIFloatingSingleMasterOpEx
Symbol: advpack_TranslateInfString
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcSpOpusInfoDecode
Symbol: URLMON_HlinkSimpleNavigateToMoniker
Symbol: olecli32_LeSetData
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegDuplicateHKey
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveOptionsFree
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetEapUserDataW
Symbol: msvcrt20___fpecode
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCycleDisplayDevice
Symbol: encdec_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: tapi32_tapiGetLocationInfoW
Symbol: MSRDO20_DLLGetDocumentation
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpStartUp
Symbol: esent97_JetBeginTransaction
Symbol: admparse_AdmClose
Symbol: user32_DisableProcessWindowsGhosting
Symbol: crypt32_CertSerializeCRLStoreElement
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetConnectOptionA
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Register_Device_Driver_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1octetstring_free
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertDC
Symbol: gdi32_EnumMetaFile
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrI4
Symbol: expsrv___vbaI4Str
Symbol: olecli32_LeGetUpdateOptions
Symbol: olecli32_OleRename
Symbol: MSOERT2_WriteStreamToFileW
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszAllocA
Symbol: safrcdlg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: inetcfg_InetSetClientInfoW
Symbol: imgutil_DitherTo8
Symbol: msxml2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: secur32_SecpTranslateNameEx
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableDuplicate
Symbol: userenv_RsopLoggingEnabled
Symbol: odbcjt32_ConfigDSN
Symbol: msls31_LssbGetObjDimSubline
Symbol: msi_MsiProvideQualifiedComponentExW
Symbol: msi_MsiRecordGetFieldCount
Symbol: lprhelp_InitiateConnection
Symbol: localsec_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ieakeng_CheckVerW
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderfv
Symbol: dssenh_CPHashData
Symbol: dskquoui_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: blackbox_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: netui2_BltWndProc
Symbol: crtdll__ismbchira
Symbol: msvcrt___p__fmode
Symbol: user32_VRipOutput
Symbol: ntdll_LdrAccessOutOfProcessResource
Symbol: mswsock_MigrateWinsockConfiguration
Symbol: gdi32_PlayMetaFile
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: wintrust_WTHelperGetProvPrivateDataFromChain
Symbol: clbcatex_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mapi32_cmc_look_up
Symbol: browsewm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: imeshare_CustomizeIMEShare
Symbol: msxml3_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: catsrvps_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: url_MIMEAssociationDialogW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasIsPropChanged
Symbol: kernel32_EndUpdateResourceW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiSelectBestCompatDrv
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassGuidsFromNameW
Symbol: traffic_TcAddFlow
Symbol: spoolss_SplShutDownRouter
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbGetOneCounterPath
Symbol: photowiz_UsePPWForPrintTo
Symbol: msvcrt40___fpecode
Symbol: jet500_JetSetQoSql
Symbol: iashlpr_AllocateAttributes
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateShortcutFromString
Symbol: shell32_ILAppendID
Symbol: dmutil_AddEntryBootFileMbr
Symbol: crypt32_CertSerializeCTLStoreElement
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAppendPathElement
Symbol: msdart_DlgDirListComboBoxI
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIKerberosRegisterTrustNotification
Symbol: gdi32_GetMetaFileW
Symbol: mstime_DllEnumClassObjects
Symbol: ntshrui_GetNetResourceFromLocalPath
Symbol: ntshrui_GetLocalPathFromNetResource
Symbol: DVDRGCTL_DVDRGNSetupDialog
Symbol: kernel32_SetComputerNameExA
Symbol: slbcsp_CPHashData
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaEnumCollectionsW
Symbol: msi_MsiSourceListClearAllA
Symbol: lprhelp_CancelJob
Symbol: iaspolcy_IASAttributeAlloc
Symbol: shell32_RealShellExecuteExW
Symbol: dmloader_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: devmgr_DevicePropertiesExA
Symbol: crtdll__ismbslead
Symbol: cscdll_CSCDeleteW
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVPreg
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheckByTypeResultList
Symbol: esent_JetRestore2
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallDriverEx
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLConnectA
Symbol: odbcbcp_dbprtypeA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1DecDone
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIDetails
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIAddress
Symbol: racpldlg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCreateFromPathA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCreateFromUrlA
Symbol: netapi32_RxNetAccessSetInfo
Symbol: kernel32_WritePrivateProfileSectionW
Symbol: kernel32_HeapUsage
Symbol: kernel32_FindAtomA
Symbol: oleaut32_CreateDispTypeInfo
Symbol: avifil32_EditStreamSetInfoW
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamSetFormat
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Remove_SubTree
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetDeviceStatusA
Symbol: ir50_qcx_CompressFramesInfo
Symbol: ir41_qcx_CompressFramesInfo
Symbol: slayerxp_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mspatcha_ApplyPatchToFileW
Symbol: mlang_ConvertINetMultiByteToUnicode
Symbol: mlang_ConvertINetUnicodeToMultiByte
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_free
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugEjectDevice
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPHashData
Symbol: glmf32_glsReadFunc
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderiv
Symbol: dmband_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymFromAddr64
Symbol: crtdll__fcloseall
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSResponseServerChallenge
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonLogoffEvent
Symbol: crypt32_CryptDecodeObjectEx
Symbol: winscard_SCardListReadersW
Symbol: expsrv_PutMemStr
Symbol: scecli_SceStartTransaction
Symbol: HAL_HalSetBusData
Symbol: kernel32_LocalLock
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecAbs
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetNonInteractiveMode
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetRawCounterArrayA
Symbol: oleacc_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mcd32_MCDUpdateTextureState
Symbol: ieakeng_NewFolder
Symbol: shell32_SHGetPathFromIDList
Symbol: diactfrm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetModuleInfoW64
Symbol: opengl32_glPushClientAttrib
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneTransform
Symbol: crtdll__mbctokata
Symbol: msvcrt___p___argv
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVRreg
Symbol: ntdll_NtDebugActiveProcess
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateWaitablePort
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetInfoA
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetCookieA
Symbol: MSOERT2_SzGetCertificateEmailAddress
Symbol: anvioctl_IsValidStereoMode
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsLFNFileSpecW
Symbol: secur32_LsaFreeReturnBuffer
Symbol: HAL_HalReportResourceUsage
Symbol: kernel32_GetVolumePathNameW
Symbol: kernel32_GetProfileSectionW
Symbol: kernel32_CreateDirectoryExW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableAddString
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_SizeA
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetIDA
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetAgentActivity
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetProviderListA
Symbol: spoolss_SetPortW
Symbol: spoolss_IsNamedPipeRpcCall
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupJoin
Symbol: netplwiz_AddNetPlaceRunDll
Symbol: dbghelp_StackWalk
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCreateMediaObjectIndexMaker
Symbol: atmlib_ATMAddFont
Symbol: crtdll__findclose
Symbol: user32_TranslateMDISysAccel
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminUserGetInfo
Symbol: icmp_IcmpSendEcho
Symbol: ntdll_NtRegisterThreadTerminatePort
Symbol: msgina_ShellShutdownDialog
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedZeroTableCharString
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncZeroMultibyteString
Symbol: catsrv_OpenComponentLibrarySharedTS
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerInqAddressChangeFn
Symbol: ole32_GetClassFile
Symbol: ole32_PropVariantChangeType
Symbol: MSOERT2_UlStripWhitespaceW
Symbol: hypertrm_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindExtensionA
Symbol: scecli_SceSvcFree
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileAttributesW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemLocalesA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallServicesFromInfSectionW
Symbol: vfpodbc_fnVfpodbc
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMSetThreadContext
Symbol: security_EnumerateSecurityPackagesW
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupSetProperties
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSpecialColumnsW
Symbol: msi_MsiEnableLogA
Symbol: msi_MsiInstallMissingFileA
Symbol: ieakeng_SignFileW
Symbol: glmf32_glsBeginGLS
Symbol: shell32_DragFinish
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetOptionInfoDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetAllOptionsDS
Symbol: atmlib_ATMMakePFM
Symbol: user32_GetTabbedTextExtentA
Symbol: user32_ArrangeIconicWindows
Symbol: davclnt_NPGetUniversalName
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncZeroMultibyteString
Symbol: gdi32_RemoveFontResourceExA
Symbol: ole32_OleMetafilePictFromIconAndLabel
Symbol: cryptdll_CDFindCommonCSystemWithKey
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminRemoveCatalog
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCopyStreamToByte
Symbol: kdcom_KdDebuggerInitialize0
Symbol: regapi_RegBuildNumberQuery
Symbol: strmdll_CreateAsfFormatSet
Symbol: advapi32_WmiFileHandleToInstanceNameA
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterConsoleVDM
Symbol: kernel32_FindClose
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiBuildDriverInfoList
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data_Size_Ex
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressStatus
Symbol: sendmail_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupOpen
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarIndexStore
Symbol: loghours_DialinHoursDialog
Symbol: iphlpapi_NotifyRouteChange
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportToolbarInfoW
Symbol: shell32_SheGetDirA
Symbol: crtdll__mbctohira
Symbol: msvcrt___crtCompareStringA
Symbol: user32_EnumClipboardFormats
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetFullPathName_U
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPrepareA
Symbol: ole32_CoTestCancel
Symbol: catsrvut_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: URLMON_CDLGetLongPathNameW
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRenameServerDoc
Symbol: kdcom_KdDebuggerInitialize1
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_SetColorAdj
Symbol: NCTAudioTransform2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: inetcfg_ConfigureSystemForInternetW
Symbol: MSHTML_DllEnumClassObjects
Symbol: advapi32_AddAccessAllowedAce
Symbol: kernel32_MoveFileA
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalFix
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecNeg
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDecompressOrCopyFileA
Symbol: drmclien_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wiadefui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: utildll_SetupAsyncCdConfig
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetLineDevStatus
Symbol: spoolss_AppendPrinterNotifyInfoData
Symbol: pdh_PdhUpdateLogA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarIndexStore
Symbol: icm32_CMCreateTransformExtW
Symbol: netplwiz_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetCenterPoint
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetTypeFromName
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateIoCompletion
Symbol: esent_JetReadFile
Symbol: msdart_GetFileVersionInfoI
Symbol: msacm32_acmMetrics
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrDllRegisterProxy
Symbol: ole32_MonikerRelativePathTo
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcSpOpusInfoEncode
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPCreateIndirectData
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrR4
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR4Str
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsEmptyA
Symbol: msftedit_IID_ITextServices
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasCreateDrvItem
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_StartPrinterPage
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleOutputA
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterData
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetBackupInformationW
Symbol: vfpodbc_ConfigDSN
Symbol: spoolss_SplStartPhase2Init
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaDeleteW
Symbol: perfnet_CloseNetSvcsObject
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetConnectAttrW
Symbol: mycomput_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: psisdecd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: d3d9_DebugSetLevel
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetSymFromName64
Symbol: crtdll__mbsnbicmp
Symbol: crtdll__fgetwchar
Symbol: user32_DefDlgProcA
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBPreg
Symbol: ntdll_ZwMapUserPhysicalPagesScatter
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNumberOfClearBits
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetConnectOptionW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerSetAddressChangeFn
Symbol: MSOEACCT_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: imm32_CtfAImmIsIME
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityInfoExA
Symbol: comdlg32_PrintDlgA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymFromAddr
Symbol: kernel32_GetCommModemStatus
Symbol: kernel32_EraseTape
Symbol: wshcon_DLLGetDocumentation
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplSetExtendedMode
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaCreateW
Symbol: mapistub_MAPISendDocuments
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetSubnetInfoDS
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsApiFree
Symbol: dmutil_SzwDupSzw
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumSourceFiles
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenSTRW
Symbol: adptif_IpxGetQueuedCompletionStatus
Symbol: msvcrt__seh_longjmp_unwind
Symbol: user32_ChangeMenuA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateMailslotFile
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserPasswordSet
Symbol: schannel_ImpersonateSecurityContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1ztcharstring_cmp
Symbol: olecli32_OleUpdate
Symbol: MSOERT2_StrChrExA
Symbol: imm32_ImmAssociateContextEx
Symbol: psapi_GetModuleInformation
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetModuleInfoW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumDateFormatsExW
Symbol: dplayx_DirectPlayEnumerate
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMProcessException
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvLogInstallIniFileEx
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupGetSelectedDriverInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1I2
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyReleaseContext
Symbol: mcicda_DriverProc
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_send
Symbol: glmf32_glsLongHigh
Symbol: dmutil_AddEntryBootFileGpt
Symbol: opengl32_wglUseFontBitmapsA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixLookAtLH
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbblead
Symbol: user32_CalcMenuBar
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCertificatePropertiesW
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryFileStatusA
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminPortGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBRreg
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLAllocEnv
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Connect_MachineA
Symbol: gdi32_GetRandomRgn
Symbol: gdi32_ExtCreatePen
Symbol: advpack_IsNTAdmin
Symbol: olecli32_LeExecute
Symbol: olecli32_LeSetUpdateOptions
Symbol: oakley_IKEQueryIKENegotiationStatus
Symbol: kbdhela2_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: url_MailToProtocolHandlerA
Symbol: comdlg32_FindTextA
Symbol: kernel32_GetComputerNameExW
Symbol: kernel32_CopyFileA
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetCurrentDriverSigningPolicy
Symbol: userenv_GetAppliedGPOListA
Symbol: upnphost_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_internalNewLocationW
Symbol: smlogcfg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphAddRecord
Symbol: sccbase_CPDecrypt
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiSetObjectProps
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1I2
Symbol: glu32_gluQuadricOrientation
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetGLRCi
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsCreateStringCopy
Symbol: msvcrt___threadid
Symbol: msvcrt___iob_func
Symbol: user32_LoadBitmapA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwTerminateJobObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyLuidAndAttributesArray
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConvertUlongToLargeInteger
Symbol: SQLSRV32_WizDatabaseDlgProc
Symbol: schannel_InitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1EncDone
Symbol: gdi32_RectInRegion
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrR8
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8Str
Symbol: sxs_SxspGeneratePolicyPathOnAssemblyIdentity
Symbol: netapi32_NetUseAdd
Symbol: imeshare_FSetIMEColorStyle
Symbol: kbdhela3_KbdLayerDescriptor
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasReadPropFloat
Symbol: winmm_waveOutPrepareHeader
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleFontSize
Symbol: samlib_SamConnect
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupInfIsFromOemLocation
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileListExA
Symbol: setupapi_ExtensionPropSheetPageProc
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubLoadMessage
Symbol: odbcconf_CalculateRequiredDriveSpace
Symbol: nwprovau_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1I4
Symbol: msi_Migrate10CachedPackagesA
Symbol: mscms_InstallColorProfileA
Symbol: msapsspc_FreeContextBuffer
Symbol: mobsync_RegRemoveManualSyncSettings
Symbol: mapistub_FGetComponentPath
Symbol: kerberos_KerbFree
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIcmpStatistics
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateSyncReader
Symbol: encapi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DIndexBuffer8GetData
Symbol: crtdll__unloaddll
Symbol: crtdll__searchenv
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSUpgradeLicense
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEncodeObjectEx
Symbol: activeds_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBEntryGet
Symbol: ntdll___eFMULPreg
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryDefaultLocale
Symbol: winipsec_MatchTunnelFilter
Symbol: gdi32_STROBJ_bEnum
Symbol: gdi32_FontIsLinked
Symbol: msdtcuiu_ServerEnumDialogA
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameHashSize
Symbol: NCTAudioInformation2_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareEnumSticky
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetSystemPalette
Symbol: HAL_HalAssignSlotResources
Symbol: advapi32_RegOpenCurrentUser
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecCmp
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetCountryInfoA
Symbol: rasman_RasInitializeNoWait
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenInfFileA
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TMBGetMessage
Symbol: msvcrt20__fgetchar
Symbol: msvcrt20___isascii
Symbol: wshext_RemoveSignedDataMsg
Symbol: osuninst_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetIcon
Symbol: sendcmsg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpReleaseIpAddressLeaseEx
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1I4
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyLoadA
Symbol: msls31_LsdnQueryObjDimRange
Symbol: dpnmodem_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: cryptext_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetStringTagPtr
Symbol: wuaueng_WUCheckForUpdatesAtShutdown
Symbol: actxprxy_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserGetInfo
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColumnPrivilegesW
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextFaceW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConvert
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyAdd
Symbol: icfgnt5_IcfgRemoveGlobalDNS
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCompactPathExW
Symbol: imeshare_FWinIMEColorStyle
Symbol: mmcndmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_GetSidSubAuthority
Symbol: kernel32_GetCPInfo
Symbol: MSSTKPRP_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetErrorStringA
Symbol: rasapi32_DwEnumEntryDetails
Symbol: xactsrv_XsI_NetNameCompare
Symbol: photowiz_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbIsProjectOnStack
Symbol: modemui_InvokeControlPanel
Symbol: filemgmt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dfrgsnap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: csseqchk_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterFromNode
Symbol: crtdll__amsg_exit
Symbol: msvcrt__safe_fdiv
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fptan
Symbol: user32_MessageBeep
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryEnvironmentVariable_U
Symbol: gdi32_ExtFloodFill
Symbol: ole32_ReadClassStg
Symbol: MSOERT2_StripCRLF
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHDeleteOrphanKeyW
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetConversionListA
Symbol: scecli_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_openW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymFromName
Symbol: kernel32_VerifyVersionInfoA
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleMaximumWindowSize
Symbol: kernel32_EnumResourceNamesW
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveVA
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcConnectServer
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetFramingEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupSetNonInteractiveMode
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbctombb
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbbtombc
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dGetVer
Symbol: sqlwoa_newMultiByteFromWideCharSize
Symbol: ntmsapi_ImportNtmsDatabase
Symbol: msvcrt40__fgetchar
Symbol: msvcrt40___isascii
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbIsProjectOnStack
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATGetAttrInfo
Symbol: iassvcs_IASAdler32
Symbol: shell32_ExtractIconResInfoW
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumNextCertType
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbkana
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fprem
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddRange
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLProcedureColumnsW
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_batch
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Free_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsaopPrepareScript
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqWireIdForSnego
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetCookieA
Symbol: olethk32_ThkMgrUninitialize
Symbol: credui_CredUIStoreSSOCredW
Symbol: umpnpmgr_PNP_GetDeviceList
Symbol: kernel32_ConsoleMenuControl
Symbol: msv1_0_SpUserModeInitialize
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecDiv
Symbol: setupapi_SetupCloseInfFile
Symbol: tapi32_lineSendUserUserInfo
Symbol: setupdll_GetPciInformation
Symbol: rcbdyctl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msls31_LssbFDonePresSubline
Symbol: mimefilt_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: licdll_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iasrad_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateReaderPriv
Symbol: datime_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorDotProduct
Symbol: cmutil_CmIsSpaceA
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixLookAtRH
Symbol: msvcrt__mbcasemap
Symbol: user32_CreateCaret
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSLicenseEnumEnd
Symbol: crypt32_RegCreateHKCUKeyExU
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminUserSetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_ZwAccessCheckByTypeResultList
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallerErrorW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLCopyDesc
Symbol: fldrclnr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsaopBind
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcCertGeneratePrincipalNameW
Symbol: WININET_InternetCreateUrlA
Symbol: url_TelnetProtocolHandlerA
Symbol: wldap32_ber_printf
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_initW
Symbol: kernel32_SetFileAttributesW
Symbol: kernel32_Heap32Next
Symbol: kernel32_FatalExit
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupVerifyQueuedCatalogs
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetJobA
Symbol: wiavideo_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: vcdex_VDDDispatch
Symbol: tapi32_linePickupA
Symbol: rtm_SearchInTable
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbctombb
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbbtombc
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyLoadFromMemory
Symbol: langwrbk_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: iasads_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: hotplug_CreateLocalServerW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetOptionInfoDS
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQueryConfigDword
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGlobals
Symbol: dinput_DirectInputCreateEx
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegCloseKey
Symbol: capesnpn_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_LoadKeyboardLayoutEx
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonUnlockEvent
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeUnicodeString
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapFree
Symbol: odbcbcp_SQLInitEnumServers
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSA_FOREST_TRUST_COLLISION_INFORMATION
Symbol: ole32_SNB_UserFree
Symbol: MSOERT2_IDrawText
Symbol: NCTAudioGrabber2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrencyFormatW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfilePutLineText
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDeleteSubEntryW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Request_Device_Eject_ExA
Symbol: iuctl_GetControlUpdateInfo
Symbol: nvcpl_updategamma
Symbol: rsaenh_CPSignHash
Symbol: rasser_PortReceiveComplete
Symbol: rasmans_SetEntryDialParams
Symbol: msvcrt40___unDName
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpCy
Symbol: mscms_DeleteColorTransform
Symbol: mcdsrv32_MCDEngSetMemStatus
Symbol: dmdskmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_EvictClusterNodeEx
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceGetEnumCount
Symbol: adsldpc_ADSIGetPreviousRow
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetLruEntryIdentifier
Symbol: crypt32_CryptHashToBeSigned
Symbol: seclogon_SvcEntry_Seclogon
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDebugActiveProcess
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateWaitablePort
Symbol: esent_JetCommitTransaction
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTreeA
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextAlign
Symbol: ole32_CoRevokeInitializeSpy
Symbol: ole32_CoInitialize
Symbol: ole32_CoGetPSClsid
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeSpecialCommandA
Symbol: WININET_InternetConfirmZoneCrossing
Symbol: olecli32_ErrUpdate
Symbol: anvioctl_GetCurrentViewCap
Symbol: atl_AtlWaitWithMessageLoop
Symbol: rdpsnd_midMessage
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityInfoExW
Symbol: advapi32_AddAuditAccessAceEx
Symbol: rasman_RasRPCBind
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbcat
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetLineDevStatus
Symbol: sdpblb_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpCy
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyAcquireContext
Symbol: msapsspc_InitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDWriteSpan
Symbol: htui_HTUI_ColorAdjustmentA
Symbol: esent97_JetIndexRecordCount
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_SendEx
Symbol: dmutil_LowAcquirePrivilege
Symbol: opengl32_glLogicOp
Symbol: comcat_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cdfview_Subscribe
Symbol: atmlib_ATMRemoveSubstFontA
Symbol: admparse_AdmInitW
Symbol: amstream_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_GetMessageA
Symbol: seclogon_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminPortGetInfo
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRegisterThreadTerminatePort
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetInformationAcl
Symbol: ntdll_RtlHashUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlConsoleMultiByteToUnicodeN
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationFile
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetParam
Symbol: rtutils_TraceDeregisterExA
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsaopExecuteScript
Symbol: wintrust_WinVerifyTrustEx
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLCancel
Symbol: qmgrprxy_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_PrintToA
Symbol: winmm_mci32Message
Symbol: winsta__WinStationBeepOpen
Symbol: advapi32_PrivilegedServiceAuditAlarmA
Symbol: localspl_SplSetPrinterData
Symbol: oleaut32_BSTR_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecFix
Symbol: msvcrt20__makepath
Symbol: msvcrt20___toascii
Symbol: w32topl_ToplHeapIsElementOf
Symbol: sqlunirl_newMultiByteFromWideCharEx
Symbol: scrrun_DLLGetDocumentation
Symbol: rtm_RtmBlockSetRouteEnable
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetConnectAttrW
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_GetTypeInfo
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureProductExA
Symbol: iprtrmgr_MapInterfaceToRouterIfType
Symbol: esent97_JetIntersectIndexes
Symbol: clusapi_DeleteClusterGroup
Symbol: crtdll_localeconv
Symbol: crtdll_isleadbyte
Symbol: user32_CreateWindowStationA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLengthRequiredSid
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLSetConnectOptionW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsUnBindA
Symbol: ole32_ReadClassStm
Symbol: mscoree_TranslateSecurityAttributes
Symbol: mscoree_CorBindToRuntimeEx
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszAllocW
Symbol: MMCapWin_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mswebdvd_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: getuname_GetUName
Symbol: iedkcs32_ProcessGroupPolicy
Symbol: winmm_mmioAdvance
Symbol: winmm_mid32Message
Symbol: advapi32_BuildExplicitAccessWithNameA
Symbol: kernel32_LocalSize
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalMemoryStatus
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFileA
Symbol: msvcrt20__fileinfo
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplValidatePCSetup
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMTerminateTaskWOW
Symbol: synceng_IsOrphanObjectTwin
Symbol: sccbase_CPEncrypt
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilCreateDirectoryTree
Symbol: psbase_SPReadItem
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibEnd
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbcat
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_GetTypeInfo
Symbol: msapsspc_SspcCreateSspiReg
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetRTTAndHopCount
Symbol: ftsrch_OpenDialog
Symbol: opengl32_glTexGend
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexub
Symbol: cmutil_CmIsDigitA
Symbol: clusapi_CreateClusterGroup
Symbol: autodisc_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_GetMenuContextHelpId
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSKeyPackEnumEnd
Symbol: crypt32_ChainWlxLogoffEvent
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryInterfaceMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_RtlImageRvaToSection
Symbol: ntdll_NtRemoveProcessDebug
Symbol: esent_JetRollback
Symbol: schannel_ApplyControlToken
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsWriteAccountSpnA
Symbol: INETCOMM_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: imm32_ImmWINNLSGetIMEHotkey
Symbol: msdtclog_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilMemReAlloc
Symbol: mcinsctl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleInputA
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstChangeNotificationA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueDeleteA
Symbol: msvcrt20__heapwalk
Symbol: tapi32_lineUnparkA
Symbol: shgina_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shgina_DllInstall
Symbol: setupdll_dll_main
Symbol: ntmsapi_ExportNtmsDatabase
Symbol: msvfw32_MCIWndRegisterClass
Symbol: msvcrt40__makepath
Symbol: msvcrt40___toascii
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaErrorOverflow
Symbol: wstdecod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dssenh_CPSignHash
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsValidateName_UTF8
Symbol: dbghelp_SymSetSymWithAddr64
Symbol: opengl32_glPopName
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixIdentity
Symbol: crtdll__findfirst
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbckata
Symbol: msvcrt__endthread
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateIoCompletion
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDriversA
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLTransact
Symbol: gdi32_PathToRegion
Symbol: ole32_HDC_UserSize
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterSurrogateEx
Symbol: mscoree_GetMetaDataInternalInterface
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUnquoteSpacesA
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsRemoveFtRoot
Symbol: kernel32_SetComputerNameExW
Symbol: kernel32_OutputDebugStringA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecSub
Symbol: stobject_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: synceng_ClearBriefcaseCache
Symbol: spoolss_RouterAllocBidiMem
Symbol: ntmsapi_UpdateNtmsOmidInfo
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsMSClientInstalled
Symbol: msvcrt40__fileinfo
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaErrorOverflow
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2ForNextCheck
Symbol: msi_MsiSourceListClearAllW
Symbol: mshtmled_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msapsspc_CompleteAuthToken
Symbol: iasrecst_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsMapRcodeToStatus
Symbol: dpvacm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glTexGenf
Symbol: camocx_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsDecodeBinaryData
Symbol: adsldpc_ConvertSidToString
Symbol: adsldpc_Component
Symbol: devmgr_DevicePropertiesExW
Symbol: crtdll__osver_dll
Symbol: user32_UnloadKeyboardLayout
Symbol: esent_JetGetRecordPosition
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLConnectW
Symbol: odbcbcp_dbprtypeW
Symbol: gdi32_UpdateColors
Symbol: gdi32_GdiInitSpool
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fptan
Symbol: mapi32_MAPILogonEx
Symbol: ati3d1ag_bDdHslSharedMemFree
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlCreateFromPathW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathCreateFromUrlW
Symbol: credui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: netapi32_NetUseDel
Symbol: usbui_USBControllerPropPageProvider
Symbol: winmm_midiInGetID
Symbol: comctl32_CreateStatusWindow
Symbol: kernel32_FindAtomW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecInt
Symbol: samlib_SamiSetDSRMPassword
Symbol: msvcrt20__heapused
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetDeviceStatusW
Symbol: streamci_SwEnumCoInstaller
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubDefCertInit
Symbol: slbcsp_CPSignHash
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgSegmentNotice
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleIsAccessAudited
Symbol: netshell_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__heapwalk
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2ForNextCheck
Symbol: iasnap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetContextPointer
Symbol: shell32_DoEnvironmentSubstA
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexdv
Symbol: atmlib_ATMMakePSS
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DIndexBuffer8SetData
Symbol: crtdll___doserrno
Symbol: syssetup_SetupChangeLocale
Symbol: user32_PrivateExtractIconsA
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetOssGlobal
Symbol: mprapi_RasPrivilegeAndCallBackNumber
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBEntrySet
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVRtop
Symbol: winipsec_EnumMMAuthMethods
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColumnsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrOutInit
Symbol: WININET_InternetTimeFromSystemTimeA
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fprem
Symbol: expsrv___vbaErase
Symbol: safrdm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ati3d2ag_bDdHslSharedMemFree
Symbol: imm32_ImmUnlockIMC
Symbol: msorcl32_ConfigDSN
Symbol: mstask_NetrJobAdd
Symbol: rdpsnd_modMessage
Symbol: srclient_EnableSR
Symbol: winmm_mmioDescend
Symbol: HAL_IoMapTransfer
Symbol: comctl32_InitCommonControls
Symbol: tapi32_lineForward
Symbol: scrobj_DllRegisterServerEx
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetRawCounterArrayW
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4ForNextCheck
Symbol: CEWMDM_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiAdvertiseProductExA
Symbol: mscat32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIpStatisticsEx
Symbol: hlink_HlinkResolveShortcutToMoniker
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPSignHash
Symbol: shell32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shell32_DllInstall
Symbol: opengl32_glRotated
Symbol: opengl32_glEndList
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbchira
Symbol: authz_AuthzOpenObjectAudit
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUserSetInfo
Symbol: mprapi_CompressPhoneNumber
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidAcl
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFreeHeap
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualComputerName
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetInfoW
Symbol: lsasrv_DsRolerGetDcOperationResults
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcPeImageDataDecode
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetCookieW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRedim
Symbol: anvioctl_GetMonDC
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsNetworkPathA
Symbol: imeshare_PIMEStyleFromAttr
Symbol: kernel32_WriteFile
Symbol: kernel32_SetTimerQueueTimer
Symbol: kernel32_EnumResourceTypesA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_SizeW
Symbol: userenv_ProcessGroupPolicyCompleted
Symbol: xactsrv_XsI_NetPathCompare
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetIDW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetProviderListW
Symbol: security_FreeContextBuffer
Symbol: netshell_NetSetupRequestWizardPages
Symbol: msvcrt40__heapused
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4ForNextCheck
Symbol: iassam_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCurrentContext
Symbol: dfsshlex_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glTexGeni
Symbol: opengl32_glLightfv
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexfv
Symbol: adptif_GetFilters
Symbol: crtdll__getdrives
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateEnvironment
Symbol: davclnt_NPGetCaps
Symbol: SQLSRV32_WizLanguageDlgProc
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enumerate_Enumerators_ExA
Symbol: msgina_WlxDisplaySASNotice
Symbol: gdi32_SetAbortProc
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsSharedDiskA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLsetFixstrFree
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyAbs
Symbol: URLMON_HlinkNavigateString
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRevokeServerDoc
Symbol: bootvid_VidSetScrollRegion
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathFindExtensionW
Symbol: compatui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMGetRPCKey
Symbol: winmm_mod32Message
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemLocalesW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecMul
Symbol: rasman_RasPortSetFramingEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueRenameA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDeleteErrorA
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbcmp
Symbol: objsel_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupInstallPrinterDriverFromTheWeb
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCopyBytesZero
Symbol: msi_MsiEnableLogW
Symbol: msi_MsiInstallMissingFileW
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllApplySystemSettingsW
Symbol: iccvid_DriverProc
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetCacheDataTable
Symbol: dmcompos_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msnetobj_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glRotatef
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegSetValue
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNodeControl
Symbol: dpnhpast_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbslead
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxCallUnwindDtor
Symbol: user32_GetTabbedTextExtentW
Symbol: user32_AppendMenuA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryDefaultLocale
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetNativeSystemInformation
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetEaFile
Symbol: ODBC32_VFreeErrors
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Global_State
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Delete_Class_Key
Symbol: gdi32_RemoveFontResourceExW
Symbol: ws2help_WahEnableNonIFSHandleSupport
Symbol: remotepg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winmm_tid32Message
Symbol: winmm_mmioRenameA
Symbol: winsta__WinStationShadowTargetSetup
Symbol: winsta_WinStationEnumerateProcesses
Symbol: advapi32_WmiFileHandleToInstanceNameW
Symbol: odexl32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnccat
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccessGetInfo
Symbol: wow32_WOWCallback16
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleIsEqual
Symbol: sqlunirl_AllocConvertMultiSZNameToA
Symbol: spoolss_DeletePrinterDataW
Symbol: scardssp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeySaveA
Symbol: mscms_CheckColors
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_list
Symbol: shell32_SheGetDirW
Symbol: shell32_IsLFNDrive
Symbol: digest_DllInstall
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsDeleteAttributeDefinition
Symbol: msvcrt__fcloseall
Symbol: msvcrt___crtCompareStringW
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxA
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgSelectCA
Symbol: authz_AuthzInitializeContextFromSid
Symbol: ntdll_RtlExpandEnvironmentStrings_U
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLPrepareW
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvRegUpdateForNonAdminUser
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarTextLikeVar
Symbol: expsrv_TipCreateInstanceEx
Symbol: comsnap_InstallDsExtension
Symbol: rdpsnd_widMessage
Symbol: srclient_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: tscfgwmi_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: wiaservc_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_MoveFileW
Symbol: rasman_RasGetInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDecompressOrCopyFileW
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplIndicatorNotify
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetJobA
Symbol: webhits_TerminateExtension
Symbol: rtm_RtmWriteInstanceConfig
Symbol: rsaenh_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceDone
Symbol: pdh_PdhUpdateLogW
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCGetDlgResModule
Symbol: MSRDO20_DllRegisterServerEx
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbcmp
Symbol: mobsync_RegSetUserDefaults
Symbol: iaspolcy_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: eventcls_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetDnsServerList
Symbol: dfrgui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbghelp_FindExecutableImage
Symbol: opengl32_glLightiv
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexiv
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceTypeOpenEnum
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsCreateAttributeDefinition
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2BaryCentric
Symbol: msvcrt__mbctokata
Symbol: user32_keybd_event
Symbol: esent_JetOpenFile
Symbol: msgina_WlxStartApplication
Symbol: comuid_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsEmptyW
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQueryA
Symbol: winmm_midiConnect
Symbol: HAL_HalRequestIpi
Symbol: advapi32_GetTraceEnableFlags
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcmpiA
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleOutputW
Symbol: kernel32_PurgeComm
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleOutputCP
Symbol: rasman_RasRegisterPnPEvent
Symbol: setupapi_SetupBackupErrorA
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsicoll
Symbol: msrating_RatingObtainQuery
Symbol: msrating_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxCancel
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrErrVarCopy
Symbol: msls31_LsdnFinishRegularAddAdvancePen
Symbol: jet500_JetGetTableColumnInfo
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIfEntryToStack
Symbol: ipsecsnp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3BaryCentric
Symbol: crtdll__nextafter
Symbol: msvcrt__findclose
Symbol: user32_ValidateRgn
Symbol: user32_InflateRect
Symbol: user32_DefDlgProcW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAccessDeniedAce
Symbol: rtutils_DebugPrintWaitWorkerThreads
Symbol: msgina_WlxDisconnectNotify
Symbol: gdi32_SetTextAlign
Symbol: gdi32_GetTransform
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsUnquoteRdnValueA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmDisableAllocate
Symbol: netlogon_NetrLogonSamLogon
Symbol: stclient_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winmm_wid32Message
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityInfoExW
Symbol: comdlg32_PrintDlgW
Symbol: kernel32_InitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount
Symbol: odpdx32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: msvcrt20__daylight
Symbol: msvcrt20___CxxLongjmpUnwind
Symbol: nview_DMAssociate
Symbol: scrobj_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: scrobj_DllInstall
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpCloseHandle
Symbol: netman_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrErrVarCopy
Symbol: msihnd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: FM20_DllRegisterServerSetup
Symbol: msvidctl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: iassdo_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glu32_gluBeginTrim
Symbol: duser_InitGadgets
Symbol: dxmasf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAddRecordSet_UTF8
Symbol: dmscript_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4BaryCentric
Symbol: wmi_WmiFreeBuffer
Symbol: user32_UpdatePerUserSystemParameters
Symbol: user32_ChildWindowFromPoint
Symbol: user32_ChangeMenuW
Symbol: crypt32_CertDuplicateCertificateChain
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBRtop
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentExPointA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerInqDefaultPrincNameA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaObjIs
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsContentTypeA
Symbol: secur32_LsaConnectUntrusted
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrExecServerThread
Symbol: localspl_PrintProcLogEvent
Symbol: samlib_SamGetGroupsForUser
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRenameErrorA
Symbol: odfox32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbcnt
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvCORIniFile
Symbol: spoolss_bGetDevModePerUser
Symbol: rtm_MgmGroupEnumerationEnd
Symbol: psnppagn_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsicoll
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarBstrFromChar
Symbol: msaatext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mcastmib_SnmpExtensionInit
Symbol: inseng_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: inseng_DllInstall
Symbol: ftsrch_SetDirectoryLocator
Symbol: duser_EnumGadgets
Symbol: corpol_CORLockDownProvider
Symbol: opengl32_wglUseFontBitmapsW
Symbol: msvcrt__mbctohira
Symbol: user32_DlgDirListA
Symbol: authz_AuthziFreeAuditQueue
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryFileStatusW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLockHeap
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLFreeStmt
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Connect_MachineW
Symbol: gdi32_Arc
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRsetFixstrFree
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszToANSI
Symbol: anvioctl_GetPitch
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__SetAsyncTraceParams
Symbol: avtapi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilAsnAnyFree
Symbol: winmm_midiInClose
Symbol: comdlg32_FindTextW
Symbol: kernel32_CopyFileW
Symbol: msvcrt20__purecall
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnccnt
Symbol: userenv_GetAppliedGPOListW
Symbol: utildll_FormDecoratedAsyncDeviceName
Symbol: security_InitializeSecurityContextA
Symbol: msvcrt40__daylight
Symbol: msvcrt40___CxxLongjmpUnwind
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarBstrFromChar
Symbol: mindex_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: licwmi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: infosoft_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: shell32_ILIsParent
Symbol: dssenh_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dmusic_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenPKCS7
Symbol: atmpvcno_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsEncodeBinaryData
Symbol: console_CPlApplet
Symbol: devmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__fputwchar
Symbol: user32_SetMenuContextHelpId
Symbol: user32_LoadBitmapW
Symbol: ntdll_NtRemoveIoCompletion
Symbol: netui1_MNetApiBufferReAlloc
Symbol: rtcdll_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mswsock_dn_expand
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharacterPlacementA
Symbol: gdi32_EngCreateDeviceSurface
Symbol: ws2help_WahDestroyHandleContextTable
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetResourceParentA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDateAdd
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetTVAdjust
Symbol: cryptdlg_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ersvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: psapi_GetProcessMemoryInfo
Symbol: rdpsnd_mxdMessage
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleOutputAttribute
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetHwProfileListExW
Symbol: msvcrt20__wgetdcwd
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnicmp
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetRecord
Symbol: rtm_MgmDeRegisterMProtocol
Symbol: polstore_IPSecAssignPolicy
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIBusyA
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbcnt
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR4ForNextCheck
Symbol: msi_Migrate10CachedPackagesW
Symbol: mscms_InstallColorProfileW
Symbol: msconf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mmcshext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mdwmdmsp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: iprop_FreePropVariantArray
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportRegValue2InfA
Symbol: esent97_JetMakeKey
Symbol: esent97_JetCompact
Symbol: dpnwsock_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_Query_Main
Symbol: dsdmoprp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbicmp
Symbol: msvcrt__fgetwchar
Symbol: user32_GetIconInfo
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplaySettingsA
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSReturnInternetLicenseEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationFile
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Merge_Range_List
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerRegisterIf2
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRSContextMarshall2
Symbol: msdtcuiu_ServerEnumDialogW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegWriteUSValueA
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsDeleteLocalPartition
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMCloseTray
Symbol: rdpsnd_wodMessage
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetCountryInfoW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenInfFileW
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsncoll
Symbol: msvcrt20__getdrive
Symbol: wow32_W32HungAppNotifyThread
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplDaemon
Symbol: slbcsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupFreeDrvField
Symbol: ntmsapi_EndNtmsDeviceChangeDetection
Symbol: MSRDO20_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40__purecall
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnccnt
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR4ForNextCheck
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMemObj
Symbol: mcastmib_SnmpExtensionTrap
Symbol: shell32_IsNetDrive
Symbol: duser_RemoveGadgetProperty
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQuery_A
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsCreateReverseNameStringForIpAddress
Symbol: sclgntfy_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbcoll
Symbol: msvcrt___p__osver
Symbol: mstlsapi_LsCsp_EncryptHwid
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateUserProcess
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetIntervalProfile
Symbol: itircl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: clbcatq_SetupSave
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrMesTypeAlignSize2
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrInterfacePointerBufferSize
Symbol: ole32_UtConvertDvtd32toDvtd16
Symbol: ole32_UtConvertDvtd16toDvtd32
Symbol: cryptdll_CDRegisterCSystem
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustAddDefaultForUsage
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcPeImageDataEncode
Symbol: sfc_SfpVerifyFile
Symbol: mpr_WNetFormatNetworkNameA
Symbol: msjet40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: olethk32_InvokeOn32
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsCreateLocalPartition
Symbol: winmm_mxd32Message
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_AddMasked
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetErrorStringW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Detect_Resource_Conflict
Symbol: msvcrt20_localtime
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnccmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__flushall
Symbol: nvwdmcpl_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: nview_NVDebugEnumPersistentSettings
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyComputerName
Symbol: wzcdlg_WZCDlgMain
Symbol: msvcrt40__wgetdcwd
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnicmp
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMemObj
Symbol: wmspdmod_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mscms_GetPS2ColorRenderingDictionary
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpForwardEntry
Symbol: ipsmsnap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: gpkcsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetError
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetContextListubz
Symbol: esent97_JetGetLock
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpCreateOptionV5
Symbol: cabview_Uninstall
Symbol: wmi_WmiCloseBlock
Symbol: crtdll__controlfp
Symbol: syssetup_HdcClassInstaller
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRemoveProcessDebug
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetFrame
Symbol: esent_JetOSSnapshotPrepare
Symbol: msgina_WlxGetStatusMessage
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedCharString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsDisableAllocate
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_QueryInterface
Symbol: ole32_GetErrorInfo
Symbol: ws2help_WahOpenHandleHelper
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvGetProcessorArchitecture
Symbol: mscoree_EEDllGetClassObjectFromClass
Symbol: bootvid_VidBitBlt
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleInit
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetConversionListW
Symbol: mstask_NetrJobDel
Symbol: servdeps_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: winmm_wod32Message
Symbol: advapi32_RemoveTraceCallback
Symbol: kernel32_VerifyVersionInfoW
Symbol: avifil32_AVISaveVW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveFromSourceListA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupFindNextLine
Symbol: msvcrt20___initenv
Symbol: wiascr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexGetInEdge
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvValidateVersion
Symbol: slbiop_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: security_CompleteAuthToken
Symbol: odbcconf_RunDLL32_RegisterApplication
Symbol: nwprovau_NwTerminateServiceProvider
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsncoll
Symbol: msvcrt40__getdrive
Symbol: wmpshell_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mscms_SpoolerCopyFileEvent
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpStatsToStack
Symbol: wmspdmoe_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dskquota_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: user32_LoadStringA
Symbol: user32_GetWindowTextLengthA
Symbol: user32_DrawMenuBar
Symbol: authz_AuthzInitializeContextFromAuthzContext
Symbol: mstlsapi_LsCsp_StoreSecret
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeleteKey
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsGetSpnA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrInterfacePointerUnmarshall
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetCookieW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFPFix
Symbol: lz32_LZCreateFileW
Symbol: ntlanman_NPDirectoryNotify
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_paged_count
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceStatus
Symbol: EqnClass_EnumPortPropPages
Symbol: msvcrt20_setlocale
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexeclpe
Symbol: msvcrt20__wasctime
Symbol: msvcrt20__fputchar
Symbol: msvcrt20___iscsymf
Symbol: nvcpl_SaveCplInfo
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplResetToLastMode
Symbol: winfax_FaxRegisterRoutingExtensionW
Symbol: wiashext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: vbscript_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: spnike_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_localtime
Symbol: msvcrt40__flushall
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8ForNextCheck
Symbol: jgaw400_JgASetPlayParameters
Symbol: eventlog_SvcEntry_Eventlog
Symbol: dswave_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dpnhupnp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glTexEnvf
Symbol: cmutil_CmIsSpaceW
Symbol: clusapi_OnlineClusterGroup
Symbol: adptif_SetFilters
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetDatabaseMatch
Symbol: crtdll__splitpath
Symbol: msvcrt__unloaddll
Symbol: msvcrt__searchenv
Symbol: msvcrt__EH_prolog
Symbol: user32_IsGUIThread
Symbol: user32_CharPrevExA
Symbol: cscdll_CSCCheckShareOnlineA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptUninstallDefaultContext
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumCRLContextProperties
Symbol: winsrv__UserTestTokenForInteractive
Symbol: ntdll_RtlWalkHeap
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateKey
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextColor
Symbol: clbcatq_SetupOpen
Symbol: WININET_InternetCreateUrlW
Symbol: olesvr32_OleRevertServerDoc
Symbol: rdpsnd_auxMessage
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilVarBindCpy
Symbol: winsta_WinStationNtsdDebug
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_reference
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelPurgeInput
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbset
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbcpy
Symbol: wshext_IsFileSupportedName
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetJobW
Symbol: tapi32_linePickupW
Symbol: tapi32_TAPIWndProc
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyKeyboardType
Symbol: routetab_AddRoute
Symbol: msvcrt40___initenv
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8ForNextCheck
Symbol: igmpagnt_SnmpExtensionInit
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexsv
Symbol: cnvfat_ConvertFAT
Symbol: wmi_ControlTraceA
Symbol: user32_WaitMessage
Symbol: user32_RegisterSystemThread
Symbol: user32_FindWindowA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateRegistryKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCloneMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtUnmapViewOfSection
Symbol: winipsec_EnumTunnelFilters
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentExPointI
Symbol: ole32_IsValidPtrIn
Symbol: msdtcuiu_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: w32time_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: w32time_DllInstall
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDatabaseDeltas
Symbol: imm32_ImmNotifyIME
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetHotKey
Symbol: winmm_waveInGetID
Symbol: oleaut32_VarNumFromParseNum
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Request_Device_Eject_ExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExA
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnbcnt
Symbol: userenv_GenerateRsopPolicy
Symbol: msctf_TF_ClearLangBarAddIns
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccountDeltas
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetAccessSetInfo
Symbol: rasser_PortClearStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt40_setlocale
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexeclpe
Symbol: msvcrt40__wasctime
Symbol: msvcrt40__fputchar
Symbol: msvcrt40___iscsymf
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumComponentCostsA
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATPutAttrInfo
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetSyncSettings
Symbol: dmutil_LowGetPartitionInfo
Symbol: dbghelp_GetTimestampForLoadedLibrary
Symbol: dbghelp_FindDebugInfoFileEx
Symbol: msvcrt__amsg_exit
Symbol: user32_RegisterLogonProcess
Symbol: user32_RecordShutdownReason
Symbol: user32_CharNextExA
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetCRLFromStore
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumCTLContextProperties
Symbol: wsock32_WSACleanup
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpEnsureBufferSize
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeContext
Symbol: netui1_MxAllocUnicodeBuffer
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTreeW
Symbol: gdi32_Pie
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharABCWidthsFloatA
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPVerifyIndirectData
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeSpecialCommandW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaGosub
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleTerm
Symbol: netapi32_NetpParmsQueryUserPropertyWithLength
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLTables
Symbol: oakley_IKEEnumMMs
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOctetsFree
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcSetLogLevel
Symbol: winmm_mmTaskBlock
Symbol: winmm_aux32Message
Symbol: advapi32_GetTraceEnableLevel
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetDragCursorImage
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_LoadImage
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_BeginDrag
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsicoll
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnccnt
Symbol: msvcrt20__fullpath
Symbol: msvcrt20__findnext
Symbol: wmstream_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: udhisapi_HttpExtensionProc
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigDialogEditA
Symbol: snmpsnap_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetPos
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbset
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbcpy
Symbol: msvbvm50_EVENT_SINK2_Release
Symbol: msapsspc_InitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: lpk_LpkInitialize
Symbol: htui_HTUI_ColorAdjustmentW
Symbol: hlink_HlinkResolveShortcut
Symbol: dispex_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glTexEnvi
Symbol: atmlib_ATMRemoveSubstFontW
Symbol: msctfp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__wmakepath
Symbol: user32_GetMessageW
Symbol: user32_DrawCaption
Symbol: ntdll_RtlValidSid
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Open_DevNode_Key
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_IDA
Symbol: rtutils_TraceDeregisterExW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarDelete
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIWriteAuditEvent
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmGetThreadHandle
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrCStdStubBuffer_Release
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFPInt
Symbol: BROWSEUI_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: mscoree_CloseCtrs
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_PrintToW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_next_page_s
Symbol: advapi32_PrivilegedServiceAuditAlarmW
Symbol: advapi32_LockServiceDatabase
Symbol: kernel32_WriteProcessMemory
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleOutputCP
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFormat
Symbol: usrdpa_Initialize
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnicmp
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlCloseDumpFile
Symbol: pdh_PdhOpenQueryA
Symbol: npptools_GetStringFromBlob
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsProtocolInstalled
Symbol: wmpasf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60_EVENT_SINK2_Release
Symbol: msi_MsiConfigureProductExW
Symbol: igmpagnt_SnmpExtensionTrap
Symbol: wmnetmgr_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterGroupKey
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnicoll
Symbol: user32_UserLpkTabbedTextOut
Symbol: user32_CreateWindowStationW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSIPAddProvider
Symbol: crypt32_CryptDecryptMessage
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetEaFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNewSecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_NtRenameKey
Symbol: esent_JetCreateDatabaseWithStreaming
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapSize
Symbol: gdi32_PolyBezierTo
Symbol: rpcss_ServiceMain
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsUnBindW
Symbol: rpcrt4_float_array_from_ndr
Symbol: ole32_SNB_UserSize
Symbol: wintrust_TrustFindIssuerCertificate
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFormatByteSizeA
Symbol: mstime_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: nlhtml_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: secur32_GetSecurityUserInfo
Symbol: DMO_TSXT_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: url_InetIsOffline
Symbol: advapi32_BuildExplicitAccessWithNameW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortRegisterSlip
Symbol: MSSTDFMT_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFileW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetLineTextA
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxDelete
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxAddNew
Symbol: psbase_SPOpenItem
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsicoll
Symbol: msvcrt40__fullpath
Symbol: msvcrt40__findnext
Symbol: mciseq_DriverProc
Symbol: corpol_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cmutil_CmIsDigitW
Symbol: mydocs_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mydocs_DllInstall
Symbol: user32_ModifyMenuA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetOwnerSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: esent_JetAttachDatabaseWithStreaming
Symbol: gdi32_CreateCompatibleBitmap
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsWriteAccountSpnW
Symbol: ole32_OleIsRunning
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyFix
Symbol: URLMON_AsyncInstallDistributionUnit
Symbol: anvioctl_GetCurrentMonitor
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_values_lenA
Symbol: HAL_HalInitSystem
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleInputW
Symbol: kernel32_SetupComm
Symbol: kernel32_FindFirstChangeNotificationW
Symbol: localspl_SplEnumPrinterKey
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueDeleteW
Symbol: uniplat_StartMonitorThread
Symbol: tapi32_lineUnparkW
Symbol: storprop_DvdClassInstaller
Symbol: spoolss_bSetDevModePerUser
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceEnum
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetPos
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsDate
Symbol: opengl32_glScissor
Symbol: opengl32_glNewList
Symbol: opengl32_glCopyTexSubImage1D
Symbol: oleprn_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapIsClassNameValidOnServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixMultiply
Symbol: msimtf_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_LoadCursorA
Symbol: user32_GetWindowDC
Symbol: user32_GetInternalWindowPos
Symbol: user32_GetAncestor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetSecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryDirectoryFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtInitializeRegistry
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLDriversW
Symbol: mpr_I_MprSaveConn
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCySgn
Symbol: anvioctl_SetPitch
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathUnquoteSpacesW
Symbol: scecli_SceSysPrep
Symbol: winmm_joy32Message
Symbol: kernel32_OutputDebugStringW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_Load
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsnicmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnextc
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMKillWOW
Symbol: spoolss_MIDL_user_allocate1
Symbol: pdh_PdhCloseQuery
Symbol: msvfw32_StretchDIB
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsDate
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarBstrFromAnsi
Symbol: mssip32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: inseng_CheckTrust
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNotifyResolverEx
Symbol: opengl32_glCopyTexSubImage2D
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetGroupSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Next_Res_Des
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhInitializeTraceManagement
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrDllGetClassObject
Symbol: samsrv_SamIDemote
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyVar
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_SetTVAdjust
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegQueryUSValueA
Symbol: query_LoadIFilter
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWritePropGuid
Symbol: winmm_midiInReset
Symbol: dplayx_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsncoll
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetWinsockMapping
Symbol: wshcon_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: sqlunirl__trename
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminETCMapDelete
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeleteNtmsRequests
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarBstrFromAnsi
Symbol: modemui_UnimodemGetDefaultCommConfig
Symbol: mmutilse__wcsicmp
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetImage
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAPCMClose
Symbol: ftsrch_NewHiliter
Symbol: shell32_DoEnvironmentSubstW
Symbol: dskquoui_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msdmo_DMORegister
Symbol: msvcrt_localeconv
Symbol: msvcrt_isleadbyte
Symbol: user32_PrivateExtractIconsW
Symbol: user32_GetMenuInfo
Symbol: user32_GetCaretPos
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminRegisterConnectionNotification
Symbol: ntdll_NtSystemDebugControl
Symbol: drprov_NPGetResourceParent
Symbol: esent_JetBeginExternalBackupInstance
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLColumnsW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedCharString
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsGetRdnW
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesBufferHandleReset
Symbol: ole32_CreateDataAdviseHolder
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_CStdStubBuffer_Disconnect
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: WININET_InternetTimeFromSystemTimeW
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetOptionA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCySub
Symbol: browsewm_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: catsrvps_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: scecli_SceGetObjectChildren
Symbol: winmm_timeGetTime
Symbol: winmm_mmioGetInfo
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcpynA
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfreopen
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsbtype
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevQPurge
Symbol: nvcpl_NvQTwDispModeWarning
Symbol: rtm_MgmInitialize
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsnicmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnextc
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetMinuteOfHour
Symbol: msvbvm50_SetMemObj
Symbol: msi_MsiAdvertiseProductExW
Symbol: dsuiext_DsGetIcon
Symbol: msvcrt__Gettnames
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSAnnounceServer
Symbol: ntdll_LdrDisableThreadCalloutsForDll
Symbol: msdart_GetSystemDirectoryI
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLCancel
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatShutdownPortReservation
Symbol: catsrv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsGetThreadHandle
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyInt
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsNetworkPathW
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWriteMultiple
Symbol: kernel32_EnumResourceTypesW
Symbol: msvcrt20__winmajor
Symbol: msvcrt20__wexecvpe
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsncset
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnccpy
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbstrlen
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventDisconnect
Symbol: storprop_CdromDisableDigitalPlayback
Symbol: srsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: setupdll_SetMyComputerName
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLFreeHandle
Symbol: npptools_LockBlob
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsncoll
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetMinuteOfHour
Symbol: msvbvm60_SetMemObj
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetImage
Symbol: dinput_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrrchrA
Symbol: clusapi_OpenClusterNetwork
Symbol: syssetup_SetupSetRegisteredOsComponentsOrder
Symbol: msvcrt__findfirst
Symbol: user32_EditWndProc
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateSelfSignCertificate
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRemoveIoCompletion
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenProcessTokenEx
Symbol: msdart_SetMemHook
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Request_Eject_PC
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enumerate_Enumerators_ExW
Symbol: txflog_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ole32_SetErrorInfo
Symbol: mtxoci_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsSharedDiskW
Symbol: WININET_HttpSendRequestExA
Symbol: MSHTML_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: MSHTML_DllInstall
Symbol: atl_AtlGetVersion
Symbol: winmm_waveInClose
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_DragLeave
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4CmpR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarParseNumFromStr
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupIsUserAdmin
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueueRenameW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDeleteErrorW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_NameA
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeGetToVertex
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeTextExtent
Symbol: slayerxp_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphEnumNodes
Symbol: polstore_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: pdh_PdhOpenQueryH
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDiagRec
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfreopen
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsbtype
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcAbsVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMemVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2Abs
Symbol: msrle32_DriverProc
Symbol: mswmdm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msisip_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: hotplug_CPlApplet
Symbol: glmf32_glsULongLow
Symbol: cmutil_UpdateFont
Symbol: cdosys_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_DXLockArray8
Symbol: msvcrt__findnext64
Symbol: user32_AppendMenuW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualSid
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterTagDetailsA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpNIA
Symbol: winmm_mmioRenameW
Symbol: imagehlp_CheckSumMappedFile
Symbol: printui_ShowErrorMessageSC
Symbol: setupapi_MyMalloc
Symbol: msvcrt20__wtempnam
Symbol: nvmctray_NvMCUnRegisterApp
Symbol: usp10_ScriptString_pLogAttr
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetPos
Symbol: msvcrt40__winmajor
Symbol: msvcrt40__wexecvpe
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbstrlen
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcAbsVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMemVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2Abs
Symbol: wmasf_ASFReadHeaderFromFile
Symbol: cryptnet_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt___doserrno
Symbol: user32_MessageBoxW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSIsBetaNTServer
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetServerScope
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetIntervalProfile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSizeHeap
Symbol: davclnt_NPGetUser
Symbol: gdi32_SetTextColor
Symbol: gdi32_PolyPolyline
Symbol: w32time_SvchostEntry_W32Time
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarOr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaError
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyMul
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateStreamOnHFile
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRChrIA
Symbol: ntshrui_ShowShareFolderUIW
Symbol: srclient_SRFreeze
Symbol: winmm_CloseDriver
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_ufn2dn
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_dn2ufn
Symbol: HAL_HalAllocateCommonBuffer
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_DestroyCallback
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Disable_DevNode
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnlpe
Symbol: wowfaxui_DrvUpgradePrinter
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetJobW
Symbol: spoolss_SplCommitSpoolData
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcChoose
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4Abs
Symbol: msapsspc_ApplyControlToken
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNetworkEnum
Symbol: user32_FlashWindow
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumCRLsInStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlPopFrame
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPGetRegWorkingFlags
Symbol: URLMON_DllRegisterServerEx
Symbol: anvctrl_ShowPages
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetHotKey
Symbol: rdpsnd_DriverProc
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQueryW
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetErrorTextA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_first_reference
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcmpiW
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleActiveScreenBuffer
Symbol: kernel32_EnumerateLocalComputerNamesA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupBackupErrorW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Create_DevNodeA
Symbol: msvcrt20__timezone
Symbol: WshRm_WSHJoinLeaf
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetNextMfe
Symbol: perfctrs_CollectTcpIpPerformanceData
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolUIResponse
Symbol: msvcrt40__wtempnam
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcChoose
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4Abs
Symbol: wmdmps_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msi_DllGetVersion
Symbol: ipxwan_IpxwanBind
Symbol: dsprop_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__getdrives
Symbol: user32_ToUnicodeEx
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEncryptMessage
Symbol: ntdll_vDbgPrintEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeleteKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtWriteFile
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatTagDetailsA
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroTableChar32String
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsUnquoteRdnValueW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingArrayFree
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdNamedCall
Symbol: secur32_SecCacheSspiPackages
Symbol: sens_SensNotifyNetconEvent
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilOctetsNCmp
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWritePropLong
Symbol: winmm_mmTaskYield
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSQuerySessionInformationA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInstanceIdA
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsnextc
Symbol: msvcrt20__stricoll
Symbol: msvcrt20__initterm
Symbol: msvcrt20__copysign
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomSetUserOptions
Symbol: tapi32_MMCShutdown
Symbol: security_ImpersonateSecurityContext
Symbol: rtm_EnumOverTable
Symbol: rastls_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rasser_PortTestSignalState
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnlpe
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMidVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetErl
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaForEachCollObj
Symbol: glu32_gluGetString
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCDecodeCommandEx
Symbol: msvcrt__wcsnicoll
Symbol: msvcrt__aexit_rtn
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCRLA
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumCTLsInStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateKey
Symbol: ntdll_NtUnloadKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUlonglongByteSwap
Symbol: gdi32_GetTextExtentExPointW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSmSetThreadHandle
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerInqDefaultPrincNameW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcBindingVectorFree
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesInqProcEncodingId
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_IsIIDSupported
Symbol: catsrvut_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: NCTAudioTransform2_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsContentTypeW
Symbol: winmm_WinmmLogoff
Symbol: advapi32_CommandLineFromMsiDescriptor
Symbol: comctl32_DSA_DestroyCallback
Symbol: kernel32_RtlUnwind
Symbol: printui_ShowErrorMessageHR
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRenameErrorW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenDeviceInterfaceA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Log_Conf_Priority_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20__mtunlock
Symbol: shsvcs_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shsvcs_DllInstall
Symbol: msvcrt40__timezone
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMidVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetErl
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaForEachCollObj
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarBstrFromByte
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcErrObj
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetNumberOfAssets
Symbol: netplwiz_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: exts_analyzeexcep
Symbol: dsauth_StoreSetAttributesL
Symbol: mciqtz32_MCIEntry32
Symbol: sclgntfy_WLEventStartShell
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptGetObjectUrl
Symbol: user32_DlgDirListW
Symbol: icmp_IcmpSendEcho2
Symbol: ntdll_ZwUnmapViewOfSection
Symbol: msdart_ImageList_LoadImageI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroTableChar16String
Symbol: expsrv_rtcReplace
Symbol: kernel32_CancelWaitableTimer
Symbol: msvcrt20__wstrdate
Symbol: msvcrt20__CxxThrowException
Symbol: setupdll_GetNtDir
Symbol: security_InitializeSecurityContextW
Symbol: mycomput_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpLeaseIpAddress
Symbol: msvcrt40__stricoll
Symbol: msvcrt40__initterm
Symbol: msvcrt40__copysign
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarBstrFromByte
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcErrObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNextEachCollAd
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGrabMatchingInfo
Symbol: crtdll__vsnprintf
Symbol: msvcrt___crtGetStringTypeW
Symbol: user32_mouse_event
Symbol: user32_GetKeyState
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCTLA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSignAndEncodeCertificate
Symbol: ntdll_RtlZeroHeap
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetOwnerSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRandomEx
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLRowCount
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharacterPlacementW
Symbol: msdtcprx_ax_unreg
Symbol: wintrust_DriverFinalPolicy
Symbol: mpr_WNetGetResourceParentW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMakeDir
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCSpnIA
Symbol: query_CITextToSelectTreeEx
Symbol: vssapi_IsVolumeSnapshotted
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDebugProcessStop
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Locate_DevNodeA
Symbol: spoolss_RouterFreePrinterNotifyInfo
Symbol: rastapi_PortClose
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmInit
Symbol: oledlg_OleUIBusyW
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsDeviceChangeDetection
Symbol: msvcrt40__mtunlock
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNextEachCollAd
Symbol: msvbvm50_BASIC_CLASS_Release
Symbol: msports_ComDBOpen
Symbol: ieakeng_ExportRegValue2InfW
Symbol: iashlpr_DoRequest
Symbol: glu32_gluUnProject
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpCreateOptionV5DS
Symbol: adptif_FwDisableFwInterface
Symbol: crtdll__snwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__nextafter
Symbol: user32_SetInternalWindowPos
Symbol: user32_InsertMenuA
Symbol: user32_GrayStringA
Symbol: user32_EnumDisplaySettingsW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptFindLruEntry
Symbol: wsock32_getsockopt
Symbol: ntdll_RtlVerifyVersionInfo
Symbol: ntdll_RtlApplyRXactNoFlush
Symbol: pstorsvc_PSTOREServiceMain
Symbol: esent_JetSetSessionContext
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIQuerySubnetInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtInqDefaultProtectLevel
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcCompleteAsyncCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAsyncCompleteCall
Symbol: expsrv___vbaInStr
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegWriteUSValueW
Symbol: winmm_midiInStart
Symbol: msvcrt20__strnicmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__control87
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminProfileClear
Symbol: scrrun_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: pdh_PdhUpdateLogFileCatalog
Symbol: pdh_PdhExpandWildCardPathHA
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgNotifyNewTask
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvHandleSetAccessRights
Symbol: msvfw32_ICCompress
Symbol: msvcrt40__wstrdate
Symbol: msvcrt40__CxxThrowException
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFilter
Symbol: msvbvm60_BASIC_CLASS_Release
Symbol: mapistub_GetOutlookVersion
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetIpTTL
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQuery_W
Symbol: wmpdxm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapGetSubSchemaSubEntryPath
Symbol: syssetup_SetupGetValidEula
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRenameKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetGroupSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetSystemEnvironmentValueEx
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryPortInformationProcess
Symbol: clbcatq_UpdateFromAppChange
Symbol: mpr_WNetRestoreConnectionW
Symbol: mpr_WNetFormatNetworkNameW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileLen
Symbol: URLMON_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: URLMON_DllInstall
Symbol: bootvid_VidDisplayStringXY
Symbol: cabinet_FCIAddFile
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetStatusWindowPos
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayAccessData
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnle
Symbol: msvcrt20__strncoll
Symbol: iyuv_32_DriverProc
Symbol: vss_ps_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: upnphost_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rasmxs_DeviceWork
Symbol: odbcconf_RemoveFilterRunOnceExRegistrationFromRegistry
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLenVar
Symbol: mssign32_SignError
Symbol: mspatcha_ApplyPatchToFileByHandlesEx
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductPropertyA
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDescribePixelFormat
Symbol: jet500_JetCloseFile
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCreateWriterPriv
Symbol: msvcrt___winitenv
Symbol: user32_SetMenuInfo
Symbol: user32_SetCaretPos
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSpecialColumnsW
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Run_Detection_Ex
Symbol: gdi32_GdiDescribePixelFormat
Symbol: wintrust_WintrustGetDefaultForUsage
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetTVStatus
Symbol: dxmrtp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dxmrtp_AudioReleaseCaptureDeviceInfo
Symbol: rdpcfgex_ExtStart
Symbol: winmm_mmioSetInfo
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_set_dbg_routine
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveFromSourceListW
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxUpdate
Symbol: usp10_UspAllocTemp
Symbol: spoolss_MarshallDownStructuresArray
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrinterDataExW
Symbol: rtm_RtmCreateRouteListEnum
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilStopResourceService
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDescRec
Symbol: ncxpnt_HrFromLastWin32Error
Symbol: msvcrt40__strnicmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__control87
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLenVar
Symbol: jet500_JetAddColumn
Symbol: ieakeng_ProcessFavSelChange
Symbol: msvcrt__longjmpex
Symbol: msvcrt__fputwchar
Symbol: msvcrt___RTtypeid
Symbol: user32_LoadStringW
Symbol: user32_GetWindowTextLengthW
Symbol: user32_CloseWindow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryDirectoryFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwInitializeRegistry
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddVectoredExceptionHandler
Symbol: gdi32_PATHOBJ_bEnumClipLines
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsGetSpnW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcSsSetThreadHandle
Symbol: samsrv_SamrTestPrivateFunctionsUser
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluMoveDTCGroupA
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCStatusA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaSetSystemError
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetQueryInfo
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateEnumFormatEtc
Symbol: atl_AtlRegisterClassCategoriesHelper
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxBrokenConnection
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_Size_ExA
Symbol: usrvpa_Initialize
Symbol: msvcrt20__winminor
Symbol: osuninst_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: rtm_RtmLookupIPDestination
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupImportDatabase
Symbol: odbcconf_DisableNTPrivilege
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnle
Symbol: msvcrt40__strncoll
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMemObj
Symbol: mspmsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAAuxClose
Symbol: cryptext_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glFrustum
Symbol: clusapi_AddClusterResourceDependency
Symbol: laprxy_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: actxprxy_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: cscdll_CSCCheckShareOnlineW
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenTimer
Symbol: msdart_GetTextExtentPointI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Setup_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: winrnr_InstallNTDSProvider
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_UNICODE_STRING
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerInitializeUnmarshall
Symbol: olethk32_ThkAddAppCompatFlag
Symbol: MSSTKPRP_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: msvcrt20__spawnvpe
Symbol: msvcrt20__snprintf
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserModalsGet
Symbol: wmiprop_WmiPropCoInstaller
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeSetToVertex
Symbol: upnpui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: spoolss_PrinterMessageBoxW
Symbol: photowiz_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupSelectDriver
Symbol: ntlanui_ShareStop
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpCApiInitialize
Symbol: msvcirt__mtunlock
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMemObj
Symbol: msvbvm50_SetMemVar
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDRawOpen
Symbol: hlink_HlinkNavigateToStringReference
Symbol: shell32_SHGetAttributesFromDataObject
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrTrimA
Symbol: wmi_ControlTraceW
Symbol: msvcrt___wcserror
Symbol: user32_RemovePropA
Symbol: user32_FindWindowW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSystemDebugControl
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenEvent
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetConnectAttrW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrCy
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyStr
Symbol: mapi32_GetTnefStreamCodepage
Symbol: wmvcore2_WMCreateSyncReader
Symbol: url_TranslateURLA
Symbol: winmm_winmmDbgOut
Symbol: winmm_waveInReset
Symbol: winmm_midiOutOpen
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedExchange
Symbol: kernel32_GetDiskFreeSpaceExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_MaskInterrupt
Symbol: msvcrt20__sys_nerr
Symbol: nview_nViewUnload
Symbol: rtm_RtmAddNextHop
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilVerifyPropertyTable
Symbol: nwprovau_NwRegisterService
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCEapolQueryState
Symbol: netshell_StartNCW
Symbol: msvcrt40__winminor
Symbol: msvbvm60_SetMemVar
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumComponentCostsW
Symbol: msi_MsiViewModify
Symbol: msencode_CceDetectInputCode
Symbol: jet500_JetOpenTable
Symbol: msdmo_DMOGetTypes
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpRemoveOptionV5
Symbol: apphelp_SdbRegisterDatabase
Symbol: msvcrt__wfullpath
Symbol: msvcrt__wfindnext
Symbol: msvcrt__controlfp
Symbol: msvcrt____setlc_active_func
Symbol: user32_DrawTextExA
Symbol: ntdll_NtSaveKeyEx
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_ListA
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharABCWidthsFloatW
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransServerNewConnection
Symbol: mpr_WNetOpenEnumA
Symbol: MSOERT2_OpenFileStreamShare
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHStrDupA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvQueryShowIcon
Symbol: nvwddi_NVDDI_IsNvidiaHardwarePresent
Symbol: wshext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wlnotify_SCardStopCertProp
Symbol: tapi32_lineConfigDialogEditW
Symbol: rtipxmib_SnmpExtensionInit
Symbol: rasppp_RasSrvrUninitialize
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgInit
Symbol: msvcrt40__spawnvpe
Symbol: msvcrt40__snprintf
Symbol: ieakeng_CheckField
Symbol: esent97_JetRestore
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetBinaryTagData
Symbol: user32_GetMouseMovePointsEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenProcessTokenEx
Symbol: ntdll_NtSignalAndWaitForSingleObject
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Add_IDW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrDcomAsyncStubCall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConvert2
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStringBufferSize
Symbol: netapi32_NetpAllocConfigName
Symbol: kernel32_EnumCalendarInfoExA
Symbol: pdh_PdhOpenQueryW
Symbol: nwprovau_NwEnumConnections
Symbol: msvcrt40__sys_nerr
Symbol: mspmsnsv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: loghours_ReplicationScheduleDialogEx
Symbol: adptif_IpxGetQueuedAdapterConfigurationStatus
Symbol: msvcrt__splitpath
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fprem1
Symbol: msvcrt__Getmonths
Symbol: user32_DestroyIcon
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLCreateDataSource
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecInitiateIKENegotiation
Symbol: samsrv_SamIEnumerateInterdomainTrustAccountsForUpgrade
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluQueryDtcResourceValueW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGenerateCID
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFormatByteSizeW
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_Duplicate
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileCreateStream
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetLineTextW
Symbol: msvcrt20_is_wctype
Symbol: msvcrt20__wenviron
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerGetInfo
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrintProcessorW
Symbol: softpub_GenericChainCertificateTrust
Symbol: setupdll_LegacyInfGetModifiedSvcList
Symbol: security_ApplyControlToken
Symbol: oleacc_GetOleaccVersionInfo
Symbol: msvbvm50_GetMemStr
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDAuxOpen
Symbol: fmifs_QueryDeviceInformationByHandle
Symbol: cryptnet_LdapProvOpenStore
Symbol: msvcrt__strnicoll
Symbol: user32_SetLogonNotifyWindow
Symbol: user32_ModifyMenuW
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceTransportAdd
Symbol: ntdll_RtlWriteMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtTestAlert
Symbol: netui1_MxMapClientBufferAux
Symbol: netui1_MxAllocUnicodeVector
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplImportDirAdd
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogRegisterA
Symbol: gdi32_GdiAlphaBlend
Symbol: clbcatq_OpenComponentLibrarySharedEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtEpEltInqBegin
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStringUnmarshall
Symbol: comsvcs_MiniDumpW
Symbol: mpr_WNetCloseEnum
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarFromFormatVar
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetPropertyText
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_values_lenW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_sA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaAddAccountRights
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_DragEnter
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetColumnStatus
Symbol: spoolss_FormatRegistryKeyForPrinter
Symbol: spoolss_FormatPrinterForRegistryKey
Symbol: rtipxmib_SnmpExtensionTrap
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLExecDirect
Symbol: msvbvm60_GetMemStr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFixVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMsgBox
Symbol: jet500_JetSetAccess
Symbol: jet500_JetGetSystemParameter
Symbol: dbghelp_SymRegisterCallback
Symbol: dbghelp_MapDebugInformation
Symbol: user32_LoadCursorW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgCountersign
Symbol: mspmspsv_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyLuid
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetTimerResolution
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLConfigDataSource
Symbol: schannel_SslLoadCertificate
Symbol: gdi32_GdiEndPageEMF
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrInterfacePointerMemorySize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcExceptionFilter
Symbol: msdtctm_ASCGetSafeReference
Symbol: qmgrprxy_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: ssdpapi_DHDisableDeviceHost
Symbol: advapi32_WmiNotificationRegistrationA
Symbol: localspl_SplBroadcastChange
Symbol: msvcrt20__statusfp
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexGetParent
Symbol: setupdll_ExpandSz
Symbol: rtm_RtmIsMarkedForChangeNotification
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupExportDatabase
Symbol: msvcrt40_is_wctype
Symbol: msvcrt40__wenviron
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFixVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMsgBox
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSgnVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaForEachCollVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2Sgn
Symbol: mscms_GetPS2ColorSpaceArray
Symbol: quartz_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsWriteQuestionToBuffer_UTF8
Symbol: dpvvox_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_ResolveDesktopForWOW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWriteFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtFlushVirtualMemory
Symbol: ole32_CoIsOle1Class
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvKillWindowClass
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegQueryUSValueW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpCloseConfigData
Symbol: secur32_SaslIdentifyPackageA
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetErrorTextA
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageDirectoryEntryToDataEx
Symbol: kernel32_SignalObjectAndWait
Symbol: kernel32_DisconnectNamedPipe
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Range_List
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnve
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintJobPause
Symbol: nview_WMEnumPersistantApps
Symbol: uxtheme_IsThemeBackgroundPartiallyTransparent
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSgnVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaForEachCollVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2Sgn
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcSwitch
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2Var
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3b
Symbol: wsock32_setsockopt
Symbol: ntdll_ZwUnloadKey
Symbol: schannel_SslFreeCertificate
Symbol: winscard_SCardRemoveReaderFromGroupA
Symbol: winscard_SCardForgetReaderA
Symbol: gdi32_PolyTextOutA
Symbol: rpcrt4_short_array_from_ndr
Symbol: WININET_InternetSetOptionW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateIdNamedStAd
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrChrNIW
Symbol: kernel32_lstrcpynW
Symbol: avifil32_AVIGetFromClipboard
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnlp
Symbol: nvcpl_easysetview
Symbol: w32topl_ToplIsToplException
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrintProcessorDirectoryW
Symbol: setupdll_GetMyComputerType
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiGetObjectBuffer
Symbol: msvcrt40__statusfp
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcSwitch
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2Var
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4Sgn
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFpUI1
Symbol: exts_acl
Symbol: dnsapi_CombineRecordsInBlob
Symbol: opengl32_glEnableClientState
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdWaitForVerticalBlank
Symbol: rtutils_LogEventA
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILEPICT_UserFree
Symbol: mtxoci_MTxOciInit
Symbol: URLMON_IsValidURL
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetStatusWindowPos
Symbol: riched20_RichEditANSIWndProc
Symbol: rasapi32_RasClearConnectionStatistics
Symbol: samlib_SamGetMembersInAlias
Symbol: msvcrt20_iswxdigit
Symbol: odbcconf_CompareVersionData
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiDuplicateObject
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnve
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4Sgn
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFpUI1
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIntVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4Var
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ReadHostFileLine
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3d
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrrchrW
Symbol: msvcrt__vscprintf
Symbol: user32_TileWindows
Symbol: user32_IsRectEmpty
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetTimer
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySystemEnvironmentValue
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecChar32String
Symbol: gdi32_GdiConvertMetaFilePict
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidCreateSequential
Symbol: samsrv_SamIQueryServerRole
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubInitialize
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubLoadDefUsageCallData
Symbol: w32time_W32TimeQueryNTPProviderStatus
Symbol: WININET_HttpSendRequestExW
Symbol: WININET_DetectAutoProxyUrl
Symbol: cdm_DownloadGetUpdatedFiles
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosGetAdapterNumbers
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingDeactivateCurrentPolicy
Symbol: rasman_RasPppStop
Symbol: samlib_SamGetDisplayEnumerationIndex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Class_NameW
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_Exit
Symbol: drmclien_GenerateNewLicense
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphGetStatus
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetDescRec
Symbol: wzcdlg_WZCQueryConnectionStatusText
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnlp
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIntVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4Var
Symbol: msencode_CceStreamUnicodeToMultiByte
Symbol: msencode_CceStreamMultiByteToUnicode
Symbol: keymgr_PRShowSaveWizardExW
Symbol: lpk_LpkDrawTextEx
Symbol: feclient_FeClientInitialize
Symbol: msvcrt__scwprintf
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSStartDiscovery
Symbol: ntdll__vsnwprintf
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEnumerateGenericTableWithoutSplaying
Symbol: ntdll_LdrLoadAlternateResourceModule
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_collen
Symbol: msacm32_acmFilterTagDetailsW
Symbol: gdi32_EngAlphaBlend
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubDllUnregisterServer
Symbol: AsusVr_ReverseBmp
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCmpNIW
Symbol: advapi32_OpenBackupEventLogA
Symbol: msvcrt20__wstrtime
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQGetInfo
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestMediaCallA
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlFree
Symbol: msvcrt40_iswxdigit
Symbol: dciman32_GetWindowRegionData
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3f
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnlpe
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddCertificateLinkToStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetSystemEnvironmentValueEx
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryPortInformationProcess
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateNamedPipeFile
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirAdd
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Register_Device_InterfaceA
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHIoctl
Symbol: mswsock_WSARecvEx
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetLocalDC
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubFreeDefUsageCallData
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrToIntA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRChrIW
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserDebugTrace
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_AcquireTwainImage
Symbol: winmm_waveInStart
Symbol: advapi32_I_ScSetServiceBitsA
Symbol: advapi32_A_SHAFinal
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindLastLine
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserModalsSet
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvRestoreKey
Symbol: setupdll_VdmFixup
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsNull
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetPropertyInfoByIndex
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetConnectAttrW
Symbol: wintrust_FindCertsByIssuer
Symbol: wintrust_DllRegisterServer
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fprem1
Symbol: anvioctl_ASHELL_GetModeInfo
Symbol: anvioctl_OutPortD
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetErrorTextW
Symbol: kernel32_EnumerateLocalComputerNamesW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupPromptReboot
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Set_DevNode_Registry_Property_ExW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Create_DevNodeW
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmStop
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupUniversalTimeToPeerTime
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupPeerTimeToUniversalTime
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpHandlePnPEvent
Symbol: msvcrt40__wstrtime
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsNull
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMemVar
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsGetLocalAddrArray
Symbol: certcli_CADeleteCA
Symbol: user32_SetWindowStationUser
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerArithmeticShift
Symbol: msacm32_acmFormatTagDetailsW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecExplicitTag
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpGetTypeGenCookie
Symbol: ole32_CreateGenericComposite
Symbol: WININET_RegisterUrlCacheNotification
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGenerateMID
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrCreateTridentMenu
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxDuplicateContext
Symbol: srclient_SRNotify
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSQuerySessionInformationW
Symbol: kernel32_SetLocalPrimaryComputerNameA
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupOpenAndMapFileForRead
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDeviceInstanceIdW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiEnumDeviceInterfaces
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Open_Class_KeyA
Symbol: msctf_TF_IsFullScreenWindowAcitvated
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctProviderFreeAttributes
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibChangePalette
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMemVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1Cy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyUI1
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetUsageValueArray
Symbol: dbgeng_DebugCreate
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3i
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookMatchFilter
Symbol: wmasf_ASFCalculatePresDelta
Symbol: user32_GetSysColor
Symbol: user32_DdeAbandonTransaction
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCRLW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenTimer
Symbol: drprov_NPOpenEnum
Symbol: rasadhlp_AcsHlpNbConnection
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcImpersonateClient
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetYear
Symbol: expsrv_CopyRecord
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLSetPos
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetLogonAddressToSiteName
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterTraceGuidsA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumerateTrustedDomainsEx
Symbol: advapi32_EnumerateTraceGuids
Symbol: rasapi32_DDMGetPhonebookInfo
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiOpenDeviceInterfaceW
Symbol: msvcrt20__strerror
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomAddRatingHelper
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxResync
Symbol: wowfaxui_PrinterProperties
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetConnectedDevicesString
Symbol: wlnotify_TSEventStartShell
Symbol: uniplat_notifCreateChannelA
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminVolumeDelete
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDisconnect
Symbol: npptools_NmRemoveUsedEntry
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1Cy
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyUI1
Symbol: mapistub_MAPIAllocateBuffer
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalGetIfTable
Symbol: exts_peb
Symbol: user32_DestroyMenu
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenEvent
Symbol: ntdll_NtWriteVirtualMemory
Symbol: netui0_QueryUserDefaultLCID
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_InfoA
Symbol: expsrv_rtcQBColor
Symbol: expsrv___vbaDateR4
Symbol: expsrv_EbGetHandleOfExecutingProject
Symbol: kernel32_SetThreadUILanguage
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dEnabled
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateCicLoadMutex
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerSetInfo
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeallocateNtmsMedia
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsReplaceRecordSetA
Symbol: adptif_IpxWanSetAdapterConfiguration
Symbol: syssetup_TerminateSetupLog
Symbol: user32_EnumWindows
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgViewCTLW
Symbol: crypt32_CertEnumSystemStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSaveKeyEx
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplImportDirDel
Symbol: rtutils_LogErrorA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStructBufferSize
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrSafeGetStreamSize
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrCSpnIW
Symbol: ntlanman_NPCancelConnection
Symbol: winmm_waveOutOpen
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDriverInfoDetailA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiCreateDeviceInfoList
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Locate_DevNodeW
Symbol: msrating_RatingObtainCancel
Symbol: spoolss_PartialReplyPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: sccbase_CPHashData
Symbol: rtm_RtmMarkDestForChangeNotification
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetSzValue
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupThisPlatform
Symbol: wzcsvc_WZCSvcMain
Symbol: msvcrt40__strerror
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR4Sgn
Symbol: jet500_JetSetSystemParameter
Symbol: user32_InsertMenuW
Symbol: user32_GrayStringW
Symbol: user32_CopyAcceleratorTableA
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIWizBuildCTL
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSignalAndWaitForSingleObject
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLeftVar
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRStrIA
Symbol: rdpcfgex_ExtGetCapabilities
Symbol: oakley_IKEDeleteAssociation
Symbol: lame_enc_lame_init
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ConvertDIBToImage
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ConvertImageToDIB
Symbol: imagehlp_ImagehlpApiVersion
Symbol: rasman_RasSetAddressDisable
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnvp
Symbol: nvcpl_exportstate
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexSetParent
Symbol: uniplat_WinntIsWorkstation
Symbol: polstore_IPSecDeleteNFAData
Symbol: pdh_PdhExpandWildCardPathHW
Symbol: perfproc_CollectSysProcessObjectData
Symbol: odbcconf_FilterRunOnceExRegistration
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR4Sgn
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR4Var
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3ub
Symbol: netui0_QueryStdCompareParam
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_colfmt
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStructUnmarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrByteCountPointerBufferSize
Symbol: WININET_InternetQueryFortezzaStatus
Symbol: expsrv_rtcMidBstr
Symbol: olecli32_DibGetData
Symbol: anvioctl_VCRTD_GetModeTable
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpListen
Symbol: HAL_WRITE_PORT_BUFFER_UCHAR
Symbol: advapi32_CloseCodeAuthzLevel
Symbol: imagehlp_BindImage
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamFindSample
Symbol: msvcrt20_vfwprintf
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintDestEnum
Symbol: synceng_BeginReconciliation
Symbol: setupdll_CheckFileExistance
Symbol: routetab_FreeIPAddressTable
Symbol: polstore_IPSecCreateNFAData
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpSendRequest
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR4Var
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductPropertyW
Symbol: exts_teb
Symbol: dnsapi_BreakRecordsIntoBlob
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4ub
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3bv
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_NewBuffer
Symbol: apphelp_SdbReadStringTagRef
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceUpdateRoutes
Symbol: ntdll_ZwTestAlert
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncChar32String
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrContextHandleSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_MesEncodeDynBufferHandleCreate
Symbol: expsrv___vbaDateR8
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleFindCharset
Symbol: imeshare_FSpecialWindowIMEColorStyle
Symbol: sccsccp_SCCPDllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_next_attributeA
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_Marshal
Symbol: tapi32_lineTranslateAddressA
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnvp
Symbol: wship6_getaddrinfo
Symbol: shell32_SHGetDataFromIDListA
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLineFromAddr64
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4bv
Symbol: apcups_UPSTurnOff
Symbol: msvcrt__vsnprintf
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetTimerResolution
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncChar32String
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrByteCountPointerUnmarshall
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrAllocate
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluMoveDTCGroupW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCStatusW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetFileInfo
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_GetLastReadFormat
Symbol: winmm_joyGetPosEx
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleLocalEUDC
Symbol: avifil32_AVIStreamReadFormat
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindPrevLine
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Move_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_List_Size_ExW
Symbol: msvcrt20___p___argc
Symbol: d3dramp_RampOldTri
Symbol: wow32_WOWGetVDMPointerUnfix
Symbol: wiashext_AddDeviceWasChosen
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetTranslateCapsA
Symbol: t2embed_TTIsEmbeddingEnabled
Symbol: spoolss_SplProcessPnPEvent
Symbol: pdh_PdhBindInputDataSourceA
Symbol: occache_RemoveControlByName
Symbol: ncxpnt_DisableUserLevelAccessControl
Symbol: msvcrt40_vfwprintf
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8Sgn
Symbol: msencode_CceStringUnicodeToMultiByte
Symbol: msencode_CceStringMultiByteToUnicode
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctProviderFreeAttributes
Symbol: jgsd400_JgaSpeechHeaderUnpack
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpRemoveOptionV5DS
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3dv
Symbol: iuengine_InternalQueryDetectionFiles
Symbol: msvcrt__wspawnvpe
Symbol: msvcrt__snwprintf
Symbol: user32_PrintWindow
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIGetCertificatePropertiesPagesA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEnumProvidersU
Symbol: ntdll_ZwFlushVirtualMemory
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMapSecurityErrorToNtStatus
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_EngCheckAbort
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerInqBindings
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetConnectedStateExA
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonSamLogoff
Symbol: HAL_READ_PORT_BUFFER_USHORT
Symbol: HAL_KeReleaseQueuedSpinLock
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageLoad
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupOutOfMemory
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctProviderStopAccounting
Symbol: odbcconf_OpenDriveSpaceList
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8Sgn
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarLateMemStAd
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8Var
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_send_documents
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetAdapterOrderMap
Symbol: iasnap_IASEvaluateTimeOfDay
Symbol: hid_HidP_MaxUsageListLength
Symbol: fmifs_QueryAvailableFileSystemFormat
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4dv
Symbol: cmutil_CmStrTrimW
Symbol: user32_RemovePropW
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptWalkAllLruCacheEntries
Symbol: wsock32_WSAStartup
Symbol: ntdll_NtReplyWaitReplyPort
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_GetNearestPaletteIndex
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeGetErrorStringA
Symbol: msjetoledb40_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: url_TranslateURLW
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleCommandHistoryMode
Symbol: kernel32_GetDiskFreeSpaceExW
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindNextLine
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassNameFromGuidExA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQSetInfo
Symbol: wlnotify_SensShutdownEvent
Symbol: msvcrt40___p___argc
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8Var
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrI2
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI2Str
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDStartUp
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAShutDown
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetBestInterfaceEx
Symbol: shell32_SHCloneSpecialIDList
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3fv
Symbol: user32_DrawTextExW
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgSelectCertificateA
Symbol: ntdll_KiRaiseUserExceptionDispatcher
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirDel
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_ListW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecChar32String
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncExplicitTag
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcRegisterAsyncInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAsyncRegisterInfo
Symbol: mpr_WNetOpenEnumW
Symbol: anvioctl_WriteXRW
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHStrDupW
Symbol: credui_CredUIParseUserNameA
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleGetDcOperationProgress
Symbol: query_DoneCIPerformanceData
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_bind_s
Symbol: advapi32_RemoveUsersFromEncryptedFile
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassImageListExA
Symbol: usp10_ScriptLayout
Symbol: ncxpnt_TestRunDll
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrI2
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI2Str
Symbol: exts_sid
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3s
Symbol: opengl32_glEdgeFlag
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4fv
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySystemEnvironmentValue
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionTransact
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapCreate
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_GetDecoderOption
Symbol: samsrv_SamrAddMultipleMembersToAlias
Symbol: samsrv_SamIAddDSNameToAlias
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsArray
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNextEachCollObj
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssReceiptDecodeEx
Symbol: anvioctl_ASHELL_SetModeInfo
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleGetClassObject
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsGetClientInfo
Symbol: query_BeginCacheTransaction
Symbol: kernel32_EnumCalendarInfoExW
Symbol: upnp_HrRehydratorCreateServiceObject
Symbol: tsbyuv_DriverProc
Symbol: spoolss_EnumJobsW
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrI4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaI4Str
Symbol: mmutilse_swprintf
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerRedoAuthorization
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3ui
Symbol: mstlsapi_MIDL_user_allocate
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecChar16String
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSetObjAddref
Symbol: olecli32_DibRelease
Symbol: netapi32_DsRoleUpgradeDownlevelServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_dn
Symbol: rasman_RasPortCancelReceive
Symbol: nvwddi_NVDDI_GetDDIRevLevel
Symbol: scredir_SCardEndTransaction
Symbol: polstore_IPSecIsDomainPolicyAssigned
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaAddItemA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrI4
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaI4Str
Symbol: wship6_getnameinfo
Symbol: hid_HidP_SetUsageValueArray
Symbol: dbghelp_SymGetLineFromName64
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4ui
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3iv
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetDxHandle
Symbol: crtdll__acmdln_dll
Symbol: syssetup_SetupUnRegisterOsComponent
Symbol: cryptui_RetrievePKCS7FromCA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateNamedPipeFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryVirtualMemory
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogRegisterW
Symbol: gdi32_EngDeleteClip
Symbol: iedkcs32_CloseRASConnections
Symbol: imeshare_PColorStyleBackFromIMEStyle
Symbol: scecli_SceCompareSecurityDescriptors
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_sW
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSWaitSystemEvent
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_Create
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetFilter
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLineFromAddr
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetElement
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveSectionFromDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: rtm_RtmRegisterForChangeNotification
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpOpenRequest
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportFavoritesCmdA
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsModifyRecordSet_A
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4iv
Symbol: crypt32_CertSetCertificateContextPropertiesFromCTLEntry
Symbol: wsock32_GetAcceptExSockaddrs
Symbol: esent_JetUnregisterCallback
Symbol: gdi32_GdiResetDCEMF
Symbol: gdi32_EngCreateClip
Symbol: rpcrt4_IUnknown_QueryInterface_Proxy
Symbol: scecli_SceEnumerateServices
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_first_attribute
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_delete
Symbol: advapi32_WmiNotificationRegistrationW
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceConfigA
Symbol: nview_HKGetActionParamFlags
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetAvailDriverMemory
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProblemWizardA
Symbol: user32_TranslateAcceleratorA
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigGetGuidName
Symbol: gdi32_GetDeviceCaps
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrServerContextNewUnmarshall
Symbol: secur32_SaslIdentifyPackageW
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetErrorTextW
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_Search
Symbol: kernel32_InitializeSListHead
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetSzValue
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindMultiSzProperty
Symbol: msvbvm50_PutMemStr
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctProviderStopAccounting
Symbol: duser_RegisterGadgetMessage
Symbol: d3d8_Direct3DCreate8
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2d
Symbol: certcli_CAUpdateCA
Symbol: syssetup_pSetuplogSfcError
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeactivateActivationContext
Symbol: ntdll_NtReplyPort
Symbol: msacm32_acmMessage32
Symbol: winscard_SCardRemoveReaderFromGroupW
Symbol: winscard_SCardForgetReaderW
Symbol: gdi32_PolyTextOutW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPointerBufferSize
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrStubForwardingFunction
Symbol: ole32_CoGetProcessIdentifier
Symbol: olecli32_GenGetData
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIReadMail
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonUasLogoff
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationDeleteA
Symbol: scecli_SceFreeProfileMemory
Symbol: comctl32_DSA_Create
Symbol: kernel32_SetClientTimeZoneInformation
Symbol: kernel32_DebugBreak
Symbol: rasdlg_RasUserGetManualDial
Symbol: tapi32_lineHandoffA
Symbol: sqlunirl__tsystem
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminSessionClose
Symbol: msvbvm60_PutMemStr
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetNumInputBuffers
Symbol: dciman32_WinWatchGetClipList
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3d
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapSearch
Symbol: user32_EnterReaderModeHelper
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWriteVirtualMemory
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsThreadWithinLoaderCallout
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserAdd
Symbol: rtutils_LogEventW
Symbol: gdi32_CLIPOBJ_bEnum
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrCStdStubBuffer2_Release
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationCreateA
Symbol: wldap32_ber_alloc_t
Symbol: wldap32_cldap_openA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search
Symbol: HAL_KeAcquireQueuedSpinLock
Symbol: advapi32_InitializeSecurityDescriptor
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrDereferenceThread
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleOutputCharacterA
Symbol: kernel32_WaitForSingleObject
Symbol: kernel32_CreateVirtualBuffer
Symbol: odbcconf_EnumerateProcesses
Symbol: mcd32_MCDBeginState
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetFriendlyIfIndex
Symbol: iaspolcy_IASAttributeAddRef
Symbol: d3d9_Direct3DCreate9
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4d
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2f
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetScanLine
Symbol: syssetup_SetupMapTapiToIso
Symbol: gdi32_GetAspectRatioFilterEx
Symbol: gdi32_EngDeletePath
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtEpEltInqNextA
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPointerUnmarshall
Symbol: advpack_ExecuteCab
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_GetModeInfo
Symbol: anvioctl_OutPortW
Symbol: MSHTML_com_ms_osp_ospmrshl_classInit
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxConnect
Symbol: advapi32_RegConnectRegistryA
Symbol: advapi32_LsaStorePrivateData
Symbol: advapi32_GetMultipleTrusteeOperationA
Symbol: kernel32_WTSGetActiveConsoleSessionId
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDescriptionA
Symbol: setupapi_CMP_Init_Detection
Symbol: msvcrt20_vswprintf
Symbol: userenv_RsopFileAccessCheck
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserGetGroups
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupGetUsers
Symbol: nview_NVAutoStart
Symbol: synceng_GetObjectTwinHandle
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrInqDone
Symbol: odbcconf_SetActionLogModeSz
Symbol: mscms_GetColorProfileHeader
Symbol: mprddm_DDMServiceInitialize
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionTransact
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3f
Symbol: adsldpc_FreeADsMem
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFinalReleaseOutOfProcessMemoryStream
Symbol: gdi32_EngWideCharToMultiByte
Symbol: gdi32_EngMultiByteToWideChar
Symbol: ole32_CLIPFORMAT_UserMarshal
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminGetUserAccountServer
Symbol: scecli_SceGetObjectSecurity
Symbol: scecli_SceCommitTransaction
Symbol: winmm_midiInUnprepareHeader
Symbol: winsta__WinStationGetApplicationInfo
Symbol: advapi32_OpenBackupEventLogW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLineFromName
Symbol: rasdlg_RasDialDlgA
Symbol: samlib_SamTestPrivateFunctionsDomain
Symbol: tapi32_tapiRequestMediaCallW
Symbol: tapi32_lineMakeCall
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrRemoveA
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLProcedures
Symbol: netshell_NetSetupSetProgressCallback
Symbol: jet500_JetSetColumn
Symbol: wship6_WSHGetWinsockMapping
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateShortcutFromMoniker
Symbol: dmutil_SzwFromSza
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4f
Symbol: cmutil_IsFarEastNonOSR2Win95
Symbol: user32_UserHandleGrantAccess
Symbol: activeds_ADsBuildEnumerator
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerNegate
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_colptr
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Register_Device_InterfaceW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncChar32String
Symbol: gdi32_bInitSystemAndFontsDirectoriesW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStringMemorySize
Symbol: ole32_OleQueryCreateFromData
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILEPICT_UserSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamrAddMemberToAlias
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarIndexLoadRef
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrSaveAttachToFile
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrToIntW
Symbol: advapi32_IsValidAcl
Symbol: advapi32_I_ScSetServiceBitsW
Symbol: imagehlp_MakeSureDirectoryPathExists
Symbol: kernel32_CreateTapePartition
Symbol: samlib_SamSetMemberAttributesOfGroup
Symbol: sprio600_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_vswprintf
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrR4
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR4Str
Symbol: iepeers_DllEnumClassObjects
Symbol: hlink_HlinkParseDisplayName
Symbol: esent97_JetGetTableIndexInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2i
Symbol: syssetup_SetupGetSetupInfo
Symbol: linkinfo_DisconnectLinkInfo
Symbol: cscdll_CSCPinFileA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerDivide
Symbol: schannel_SslGenerateKeyPair
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_GetEncoderOption
Symbol: gdi32_CloseMetaFile
Symbol: gdi32_BRUSHOBJ_pvAllocRbrush
Symbol: expsrv_rtcTrimVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1Sgn
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssReceiptEncodeEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveFileSpecA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetSourceFileLocationA
Symbol: t2embed_TTDeleteEmbeddedFont
Symbol: shimeng_SE_InstallAfterInit
Symbol: scredir_SCardReleaseContext
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrR4
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR4Str
Symbol: mssign32_SignerAddTimeStampResponseEx
Symbol: iphlpapi_AllocateAndGetIpForwardTableFromStack
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateDirectoryExA
Symbol: shell32_ILFindChild
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3i
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3us
Symbol: crtdll__ismbclegal
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbalpha
Symbol: crtdll__fpieee_flt
Symbol: msvcrt___lc_handle
Symbol: ntdll_NtMakePermanentObject
Symbol: netui1_MNetWkstaUserGetInfo
Symbol: DBnetlib_ConnectionWriteOOB
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_PATHOBJ_bEnum
Symbol: gdi32_GetRegionData
Symbol: cryptdll_MD5Update
Symbol: msrd2x40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1Var
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsError
Symbol: expsrv___vbaHresultCheckObj
Symbol: olecli32_OleGetData
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrStrNIW
Symbol: iedkcs32_GenerateGroupPolicy
Symbol: HAL_HalSetDisplayParameters
Symbol: kernel32_SetLocalPrimaryComputerNameW
Symbol: kernel32_HeapCreate
Symbol: kernel32_BackupRead
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Open_Class_KeyW
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__fmode
Symbol: sysinv_GetSystemInventoryA
Symbol: sprio800_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: hlink_HlinkOnRenameDocument
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4i
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4us
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3sv
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcalpha
Symbol: syssetup_SetupStartService
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsValidIndexHandle
Symbol: winipsec_OpenMMFilterHandle
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLParamData
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_SetDecoderOption
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidthA
Symbol: rpcrt4_SimpleTypeBufferSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIChangePasswordForeignUser
Symbol: msrd3x40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: WININET_LoadUrlCacheContent
Symbol: olecli32_GenRelease
Symbol: mscoree_GetMetaDataPublicInterfaceFromInternal
Symbol: mscoree_GetMetaDataInternalInterfaceFromPublic
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrGetLastOpenFileDirectoryW
Symbol: inetcfg__LaunchSignupWizard
Symbol: cryptdlg_DecodeAttrSequence
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsSetClientInfo
Symbol: ntshrui_GetNetResourceFromLocalPathA
Symbol: ntshrui_GetLocalPathFromNetResourceA
Symbol: scecli_SceRegisterRegValues
Symbol: scecli_SceNotifyPolicyDelta
Symbol: HAL_WRITE_PORT_BUFFER_ULONG
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterTraceGuidsW
Symbol: advapi32_GetTokenInformation
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalFree
Symbol: uxtheme_DrawThemeBackground
Symbol: uniplat_notifCreateChannelW
Symbol: rasrad_RasAuthProviderFreeAttributes
Symbol: ocmanage_OcRememberWizardDialogHandle
Symbol: occache_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: occache_DllInstall
Symbol: netshell_HrRenameConnection
Symbol: msvbvm50_VBDllGetClassObject
Symbol: iassvcs_IASSetMaxThreadIdle
Symbol: exts_cxr
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetOptionValue
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4sv
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReplyWaitReplyPort
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Hardware_Profile_InfoW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecOctetString
Symbol: gdi32_EngLoadModule
Symbol: sfc_SfcGetNextProtectedFile
Symbol: WININET_InternetReadFileExA
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameTokenFromPublicKey
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrDoAttachmentVerb
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonSendToSam
Symbol: imm32_ImmDisableIME
Symbol: scecli_SceGetAreas
Symbol: samlib_SamLookupIdsInDomain
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetSelectorModule
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetModuleSelector
Symbol: uniplat_CancelUnimodemTimer
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpSetTimeouts
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__fmode
Symbol: msvbvm60_VBDllGetClassObject
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrR8
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaR8Str
Symbol: mcd32_MCDGetBuffers
Symbol: iassvcs_IASAllocateUniqueID
Symbol: esent97_JetEndExternalBackup
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsReplaceRecordSetW
Symbol: opengl32_glInterleavedArrays
Symbol: loadperf_LoadPerfCounterTextStringsA
Symbol: msvcrt___p__acmdln
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_ExA
Symbol: rtutils_LogErrorW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrpSetRpcSsDefaults
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrComplexStructFree
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoDecode
Symbol: WININET_RetrieveUrlCacheEntryStreamA
Symbol: msjter40_JetErrIDARawMessage
Symbol: expsrv___vbaNextEachCollVar
Symbol: INETCOMM_HrSaveAttachmentAs
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIDetails
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIAddress
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplImportDirAdd
Symbol: imm32_ImmCreateIMCC
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupUpdateSecurityService
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_GetScrollPos
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleInputExA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetDriverInfoDetailW
Symbol: rastls_RasEapGetCredentials
Symbol: p2p_PeerIdentityGetCryptKey
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpPersistentRequestParams
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrR8
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaR8Str
Symbol: lpk_LpkPSMTextOut
Symbol: wship6_WSHJoinLeaf
Symbol: shell32_SHGetPathFromIDListA
Symbol: exts_exr
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookEnumRegions
Symbol: iuengine_EngBrowseForFolder
Symbol: user32_CopyAcceleratorTableW
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLBindParam
Symbol: gdi32_EngFreeModule
Symbol: ole32_StgOpenStorageOnHandle
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSetVarAddref
Symbol: MSOERT2_GetExePath
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrRStrIW
Symbol: advapi32_OpenTraceA
Symbol: advapi32_AddAccessDeniedAceEx
Symbol: kernel32_LocalAlloc
Symbol: kernel32_GetDevicePowerState
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumConnectionsA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasAutodialQueryDlgA
Symbol: msvcrt20___p___argv
Symbol: spoolss_RouterReplyPrinter
Symbol: sccbase_CPSignHash
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLGetData
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPAddressFilterFromBlob
Symbol: netshell_HrLaunchConnection
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyAdd
Symbol: msports_ComDBResizeDatabase
Symbol: lpk_LpkExtTextOut
Symbol: opengl32_glCullFace
Symbol: atmlib_ATMAddFontA
Symbol: drmv2clt_LaunchURL
Symbol: esent_JetGetTableColumnInfo
Symbol: gdi32_CreatePalette
Symbol: gdi32_CopyMetaFileA
Symbol: samsrv_SampProcessSingleLoopbackTask
Symbol: expsrv_rtcVarType
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsEmpty
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathSetDlgItemPathA
Symbol: iedkcs32_BrandIntra
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_unbind
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetConfigurationA
Symbol: polstore_IPSecRestoreDefaultPolicies
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetEnvAttr
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLBindCol
Symbol: ntmarta_AccLookupAccountSid
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyAdd
Symbol: atmlib_ATMMakePFMA
Symbol: authz_AuthzInitializeResourceManager
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryVirtualMemory
Symbol: esent_JetGetLogInfoInstance
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1DecAlloc
Symbol: rpcrt4_UuidCompare
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrStubCall
Symbol: ole32_HPALETTE_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: advpack_RegSaveRestoreOnINF
Symbol: WININET_DeleteUrlCacheGroup
Symbol: olecli32_GenSetData
Symbol: MSOERT2_PSTGetData
Symbol: winmm_GetDriverModuleHandle
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_next_attributeW
Symbol: advapi32_DestroyPrivateObjectSecurity
Symbol: kernel32_LocalFlags
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyCmpR8
Symbol: rasman_RasAddConnectionPort
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetAddrExpression
Symbol: tapi32_lineTranslateAddressW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressStatusA
Symbol: ntmsapi_ChangeNtmsMediaType
Symbol: msvcrt40___p___argv
Symbol: msls31_LsPointXYFromPointUV
Symbol: mlang_Rfc1766ToLcidA
Symbol: mlang_LcidToRfc1766A
Symbol: mcd32_MCDReadPixels
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpStopPlay
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpShutDown
Symbol: icm32_CMCheckColors
Symbol: hid_HidD_SetNumInputBuffers
Symbol: shell32_SHGetDataFromIDListW
Symbol: opengl32_glLoadName
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaOpen
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcspace
Symbol: mprapi_RasAdminGetPDCServer
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAtomToAtomTable
Symbol: netui1_MNetUserDel
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLWritePrivateProfileString
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetPos
Symbol: mswsock_rresvport
Symbol: samsrv_SamIDoFSMORoleChange
Symbol: WININET_CreateUrlCacheGroup
Symbol: olecli32_OleRelease
Symbol: advapi32_CloseTrace
Symbol: kernel32_ReadFileEx
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyMulI4
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetInstalledProtocolsEx
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetTranslateCapsW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetLineDevStatusA
Symbol: softpub_OfficeCleanupPolicy
Symbol: pdh_PdhBindInputDataSourceW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLGetData
Symbol: mssign32_SignerCreateTimeStampRequest
Symbol: dinput8_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbmsadsn_ConnectionWriteOOB
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIGetCertificatePropertiesPagesW
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveDSNFromIni
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhReadStreamSocket
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIAllocateHeapZero
Symbol: gdi32_EudcLoadLinkW
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtInqComTimeout
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetConnectedStateExW
Symbol: olecli32_LeActivate
Symbol: kdcom_KdSendPacket
Symbol: anvioctl_CRTCTL_SetModeInfo
Symbol: mapi32_MAPISendMail
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalLock
Symbol: samlib_SamGetMembersInGroup
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUserSetGroups
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetGroupSetUsers
Symbol: setupdll_CheckDriveExternal
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLBindCol
Symbol: mscms_SetColorProfileHeader
Symbol: mprddm_RasAuthProviderFreeAttributes
Symbol: glu32_gluScaleImage
Symbol: glmf32_glsCallArrayInContext
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2s
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookEnumNumbers
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReplyPort
Symbol: msacm32_acmDriverID
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedZeroTableChar32String
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidthI
Symbol: ole32_OleConvertOLESTREAMToIStorageEx
Symbol: ole32_OleConvertIStorageToOLESTREAMEx
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeGetErrorStringW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSetUnkAddref
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameKeyDelete
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_SaveColorAdj
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathGetDriveNumberA
Symbol: shimgvw_ConvertDIBSECTIONToThumbnail
Symbol: lame_enc_beVersion
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn
Symbol: oleaut32_VariantChangeTypeEx
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassNameFromGuidExW
Symbol: nview_NVCheckDisplayStateDC
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupClose
Symbol: mscms_GenerateCopyFilePaths
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetUsages
Symbol: glu32_gluDeleteNurbsRenderer
Symbol: exts_psr
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionTransact
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3s
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadImage
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapModDnS
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpGetNTVDMInfo
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIDlgSelectCertificateW
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeviceIoControlFile
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatQueryInformationRedirect
Symbol: advpack_NeedReboot
Symbol: WININET_InternetCloseHandle
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetInternat
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegDeleteUSValueA
Symbol: credui_CredUIParseUserNameW
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirAdd
Symbol: advapi32_GetSecurityDescriptorControl
Symbol: dplayx_DirectPlayEnumerateA
Symbol: oleaut32_VARIANT_UserMarshal
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassImageListExW
Symbol: scredir_SCardIsValidContext
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaGetInfoA
Symbol: pdh_PdhAddCounterA
Symbol: inetmib1_SnmpExtensionQuery
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyReleaseContextA
Symbol: jet500_JetDupCursor
Symbol: duser_DeleteHandle
Symbol: dpwsock_CreateNewDirectPlay
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4s
Symbol: avicap32_AppCleanup
Symbol: syssetup_SetupSetSetupInfo
Symbol: msvcrt___uncaught_exception
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLargeIntegerToChar
Symbol: ntdll_RtlIsNameLegalDOS8Dot3
Symbol: ntdll_LdrAddRefDll
Symbol: DBnetlib_GetNextEnumeration
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1ztcharstring_free
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1_SetEncoderOption
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedZeroTableChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_GetDCPenColor
Symbol: gdi32_EngUnicodeToMultiByteN
Symbol: gdi32_EngMultiByteToUnicodeN
Symbol: gdi32_CreateRectRgn
Symbol: WININET_DeleteUrlCacheEntry
Symbol: mpr_WNetRestoreConnection2W
Symbol: MSOEACCT_GetDllMajorVersion
Symbol: cryptdlg_EncodeAttrSequence
Symbol: umpnpmgr_RegisterServiceNotification
Symbol: wldap32_ber_flatten
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyMulI8
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbblead
Symbol: msrating_RatingEnabledQuery
Symbol: w32topl_ToplEdgeDisassociate
Symbol: polstore_IPSecGetNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecGetISAKMPData
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeleteNtmsMediaPool
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpQueryOption
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateFromString
Symbol: duser_CreateGadget
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexParameterfv
Symbol: admparse_AdmResetA
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcdigit
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbgraph
Symbol: ntdll_RtlMakeSelfRelativeSD
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Data
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncOctetString
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtSetComTimeout
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantStructMemorySize
Symbol: olecli32_OleSetData
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExWatermarkNonScroll
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_SelectTwainSource
Symbol: advapi32_CredWriteA
Symbol: kernel32_RequestDeviceWakeup
Symbol: kernel32_BackupSeek
Symbol: msvcrt20___threadid
Symbol: ctl3d32_Ctl3dDlgProc
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetMessageNameAdd
Symbol: polstore_IPSecGetFilterData
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaAddItemW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt40__seh_longjmp_unwind
Symbol: shell32_PickIconDlg
Symbol: winrnr_NSPStartup
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1CEREncOctetString
Symbol: gdi32_GetColorSpace
Symbol: es_RegisterTheEventServiceAfterSetup
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcFinancialCriteriaInfoEncode
Symbol: mapi32_MAPISaveMail
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetComputerName
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminUserGetInfo
Symbol: winmm_waveInUnprepareHeader
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modify
Symbol: HAL_HalAllProcessorsStarted
Symbol: advapi32_SetTokenInformation
Symbol: kernel32_GetProcessShutdownParameters
Symbol: setupapi_SetupRemoveSectionFromDiskSpaceListW
Symbol: winfax_FaxConnectFaxServerA
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetIconA
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLGetData
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbblead
Symbol: ieakeng_ImportFavoritesCmdW
Symbol: glmf32_glsAbortCall
Symbol: exts_str
Symbol: dnsapi_NetInfo_ResetServerPriorities
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordTypeForName
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsModifyRecordSet_W
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetOptionValue
Symbol: dbghelp_StackWalk64
Symbol: comres_COMResModuleInstance
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegDeleteKey
Symbol: user32_IsCharAlphaA
Symbol: srrstr_IsSRFrozen
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindChainInStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlActivateActivationContextEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcUserFree
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrProxyErrorHandler
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqDynamicEndpoint
Symbol: ole32_CreateBindCtx
Symbol: ole32_ComPs_NdrClientCall2_va
Symbol: cryptdll_CDRegisterCheckSum
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMOpenDevice
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasUpdateScanRect
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceConfigW
Symbol: advapi32_IsValidSid
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLBindCol
Symbol: msvcrt40___threadid
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fptan
Symbol: midimap_modMessage
Symbol: shell32_PifMgr_GetProperties
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumerateModules
Symbol: opengl32_glGetTexParameteriv
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegCreateKey
Symbol: devmgr_DeviceProblemWizardW
Symbol: cryptnet_CryptInstallCancelRetrieval
Symbol: crtdll__osmode_dll
Symbol: crtdll__filelength
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fpatan
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdiv_r
Symbol: user32_TranslateAcceleratorW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwMakePermanentObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDestroyHandleTable
Symbol: ole32_IsAccelerator
Symbol: ole32_CoReleaseServerProcess
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplImportDirDel
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasSetPropChanged
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_SetScrollPos
Symbol: kernel32_WideCharToMultiByte
Symbol: kernel32_MultiByteToWideChar
Symbol: kernel32_ExtendVirtualBuffer
Symbol: msvcrt20__safe_fdiv
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fptan
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetData
Symbol: sccbase_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetPropertiesToParameterBlock
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLNativeSqlW
Symbol: ntmarta_AccProvGetAllRights
Symbol: netman_HrQueryLanMediaState
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fptan
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fprem
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaErase
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsEnumOptionDefs
Symbol: iuengine_EngDetect
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminGetPDCServer
Symbol: msdart_DeleteFileI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1ztchar16string_cmp
Symbol: gdi32_GdiDrawStream
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrTypeFree
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateLink
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetLastResponseInfoA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUI1Str
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrUI1
Symbol: pidgen_PIDGenSimpA
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationDeleteW
Symbol: scecli_SceProcessSecurityPolicyGPOEx
Symbol: kernel32_SetConsoleMenuClose
Symbol: kernel32_CreatePipe
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayPtrOfIndex
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayPutElement
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiChangeState
Symbol: oddbse32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbbkana
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fprem
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomAddRatingSystem
Symbol: xactsrv_XsI_NetNameValidate
Symbol: uniplat_CreateUnimodemTimer
Symbol: tapi32_lineHandoffW
Symbol: ncobjapi_WmiReportEventBlob
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fprem
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaErase
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRedim
Symbol: esent97_JetRestore2
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadIconA
Symbol: ciadmin_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: apphelp_SdbGetPermLayerKeys
Symbol: msvcrt___badioinfo
Symbol: crypt32_CryptHashCertificate
Symbol: crypt32_CertFindSubjectInCTL
Symbol: msdart_CreateFileI
Symbol: gdi32_SelectPalette
Symbol: gdi32_SelectClipRgn
Symbol: gdi32_GetBitmapBits
Symbol: mscoree_EEDllRegisterServer
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetUniversalName
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationCreateW
Symbol: wldap32_cldap_openW
Symbol: HAL_KeRaiseIrqlToSynchLevel
Symbol: advapi32_CredGetSessionTypes
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleOutputCharacterW
Symbol: kernel32_VDMConsoleOperation
Symbol: rasman_RasPppChangePassword
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupRetrieveServiceConfig
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetConfigurationA
Symbol: utildll_WinEnumerateDevices
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLSetEnvAttr
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetConnectOption
Symbol: msvcrt40__safe_fdiv
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fptan
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRedim
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLsetFixstrFree
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyAbs
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyLoadFromMemoryA
Symbol: msi_MsiDecomposeDescriptorA
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsApiAlloc
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionTransact
Symbol: esent_JetSetTableSequential
Symbol: winipsec_DeleteTunnelFilter
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enable_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: wdigest_SpLsaModeInitialize
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcMgmtEpEltInqNextW
Symbol: olesvr32_TerminateDocClients
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRelativePathToA
Symbol: advapi32_RegConnectRegistryW
Symbol: advapi32_GetMultipleTrusteeOperationW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptReleaseContext
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymFromAddr64
Symbol: kernel32_VerSetConditionMask
Symbol: kernel32_GetLinguistLangSize
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteAtom
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8Round
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupAccessRunOnceNodeList
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFromInfSectionA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiGetClassDescriptionW
Symbol: userenv_GetAllUsersProfileDirectoryA
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplUpdateClrSchemes
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceDone
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgNotifyDebugged
Symbol: npptools_CreateNPPInterface
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbbkana
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fprem
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLsetFixstrFree
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyAbs
Symbol: cliconfg_CPlApplet
Symbol: certcli_CACountCAs
Symbol: apphelp_SdbOpenApphelpDetailsDatabase
Symbol: dsound_GetDeviceID
Symbol: ntdll___eFDIVRPreg
Symbol: odbcbcp_SQLCloseEnumServers
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1DecAbort
Symbol: WININET_InternetConfirmZoneCrossingA
Symbol: WININET_FtpCreateDirectoryA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaRecDestructAnsi
Symbol: iedkcs32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminPortGetInfo
Symbol: scecli_SceDcPromoteSecurity
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_Negative
Symbol: advapi32_TraceEvent
Symbol: advapi32_GetMultipleTrusteeA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetModuleInfoW64
Symbol: rasdlg_RasDialDlgW
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrRemoveW
Symbol: ntmsapi_DoEjectFromSADriveW
Symbol: ntmsapi_DeleteNtmsMediaType
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarTextLikeVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_TipCreateInstanceEx
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyAcquireContextA
Symbol: mscms_CreateColorTransformA
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSStopShow
Symbol: iasacct_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glmf32_glsHeaderubz
Symbol: dciman32_DCIDestroy
Symbol: dbghelp_ExtensionApiVersion
Symbol: netrap_RapExamineDescriptor
Symbol: esent_JetStopBackupInstance
Symbol: gdi32_GdiQueryTable
Symbol: colbact_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ole32_CoTaskMemFree
Symbol: imm32_ImmLockImeDpi
Symbol: imagehlp_StackWalk
Symbol: kernel32_LockFileEx
Symbol: kernel32_LoadModule
Symbol: kernel32_HeapExtend
Symbol: samlib_SamSetSecurityObject
Symbol: upnp_HrRehydratorInvokeServiceAction
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetGain
Symbol: t2embed_TTEmbedFontFromFileA
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetConnectOption
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarTextLikeVar
Symbol: msvbvm60_TipCreateInstanceEx
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATVerifyMember
Symbol: glmf32_glsCallArray
Symbol: shell32_SHFindFiles
Symbol: dbmsrpcn_ConnectionWriteOOB
Symbol: cscdll_CSCPinFileW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteAce
Symbol: netui1_MNetUseEnum
Symbol: ole32_CoLoadLibrary
Symbol: olecli32_ErrSetData
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveFileSpecW
Symbol: sxs_SxsUninstallW
Symbol: netapi32_NetpGetFileSecurity
Symbol: imm32_ImmIMPGetIMEA
Symbol: kernel32_VDMOperationStarted
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumaProcessorMap
Symbol: kernel32_GetCurrentProcessId
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupStringTableInitialize
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetSourceFileLocationW
Symbol: nview_NVGetNT4MultiViewInfo
Symbol: tapi32_lineRedirect
Symbol: rastls_RasEapInvokeConfigUI
Symbol: rastapi_PortReceiveComplete
Symbol: odbcjt32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: npptools_GetClassIDFromBlob
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCRefreshInterface
Symbol: hid_HidP_SetUsages
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateDirectoryExW
Symbol: shell32_SHFind_InitMenuPopup
Symbol: dxtrans_DllEnumClassObjects
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetOptionValueDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsGetOptionValue
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbtrail
Symbol: ntdll_NtWaitForSingleObject
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncS32
Symbol: clbcatq_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: olecli32_ErrGetUpdateOptions
Symbol: netapi32_NetReplExportDirDel
Symbol: advapi32_SetSecurityDescriptorControl
Symbol: imagehlp_ImageAddCertificate
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalWire
Symbol: uniplat_CallEnding
Symbol: sysinv_GetSystemInventoryW
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaSetInfoA
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLGetInfo
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLEndTran
Symbol: nwprovau_NPCancelConnection
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaObjIs
Symbol: msvbvm50_DLLGetDocumentation
Symbol: ieakeng_SetLBWidth
Symbol: esent97_JetReadFile
Symbol: adsldpc_FreeADsStr
Symbol: adptif_ServiceMain
Symbol: ieaksie_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbalnum
Symbol: shmedia_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptEnumMatchingLruEntries
Symbol: gdi32_SetDCPenColor
Symbol: gdi32_GetOutlineTextMetricsA
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidthW
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransConnectionFreePacket
Symbol: ole32_CoFreeLibrary
Symbol: expsrv_Zombie_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeEditViewSource
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCompositionFontA
Symbol: ntshrui_GetNetResourceFromLocalPathW
Symbol: ntshrui_GetLocalPathFromNetResourceW
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetTypeFromName
Symbol: kernel32_GetOverlappedResult
Symbol: rasapi32_RasHangUpA
Symbol: rasdlg_RasSrvCleanupService
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbckata
Symbol: msvcrt20__endthread
Symbol: uxtheme_GetCurrentThemeName
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetStatusMessages
Symbol: setupdll_GetSelectedPointer
Symbol: rsaenh_CPGenRandom
Symbol: polstore_IPSecSetNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecSetISAKMPData
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaObjIs
Symbol: msvbvm60_DLLGetDocumentation
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRsetFixstrFree
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyAcquireContextFromMemory
Symbol: clusapi_FailClusterResource
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetPostScriptName
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXPlaneFromPoints
Symbol: user32_PeekMessageA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetCriticalSectionSpinCount
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLInstallDriverExW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncU32
Symbol: gdi32_OffsetClipRgn
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqA
Symbol: samsrv_SamIQueryServerRole2
Symbol: samsrv_SamINotifyRoleChange
Symbol: samsrv_SamIAddDSNameToGroup
Symbol: advpack_SetPerUserSecValues
Symbol: advpack_RegInstall
Symbol: WININET_InternetReadFileExW
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fpatan
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdiv_r
Symbol: URLMON_HlinkNavigateMoniker
Symbol: INETCOMM_GetDllMajorVersion
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMReadSector
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_COMServer
Symbol: advapi32_StopTraceA
Symbol: advapi32_EnumServicesStatusA
Symbol: comctl32_CreateStatusWindowA
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetSymFromName64
Symbol: kernel32_OpenThread
Symbol: kernel32_HeapUnlock
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetVartype
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetMessageNameDel
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplHandleDVIHotPlug
Symbol: usp10_UspAllocCache
Symbol: usp10_ScriptGetGlyphABCWidth
Symbol: polstore_IPSecSetFilterData
Symbol: ntlanui_I_SystemFocusDialog
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRsetFixstrFree
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcDateAdd
Symbol: mcd32_MCDFlushState
Symbol: mcd32_MCDDrawPixels
Symbol: shell32_SHGetMalloc
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCGetCurrentState
Symbol: cmutil_ReleaseBold
Symbol: atmlib_ATMMakePSSA
Symbol: loadperf_LoadPerfCounterTextStringsW
Symbol: msvcrt___p__wcmdln
Symbol: crypt32_CertRemoveStoreFromCollection
Symbol: mprapi_MprDomainQueryAccess
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeviceIoControlFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlPinAtomInAtomTable
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAppendUnicodeStringToString
Symbol: ntdll_NtMakeTemporaryObject
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLRemoveTranslator
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_ExW
Symbol: gdi32_SetColorSpace
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDiscardableBitmap
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPointerMemorySize
Symbol: WININET_RetrieveUrlCacheEntryStreamW
Symbol: WININET_InternetCombineUrlA
Symbol: WININET_GopherGetAttributeA
Symbol: URLMON_CreateAsyncBindCtxEx
Symbol: olecli32_DocWndProc
Symbol: olecli32_OleExecute
Symbol: rassapi_RasAdminUserSetInfo
Symbol: secur32_SealMessage
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetForestTrustInformation
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_GetPtr
Symbol: comctl32_CreateUpDownControl
Symbol: imagehlp_SymEnumSourceFiles
Symbol: kernel32_SetProcessShutdownParameters
Symbol: kernel32_ReadConsoleInputExW
Symbol: kernel32_Heap32First
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupDoesUserHavePrivilege
Symbol: tapi32_lineForwardA
Symbol: scrobj_DllRegisterServerExA
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLGetInfo
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLEndTran
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLPrepare
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbckata
Symbol: msvcrt40__endthread
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcDateAdd
Symbol: jet500_JetBeginExternalBackup
Symbol: iashlpr_MemFreeIas
Symbol: glmf32_glsUnsupportedCommand
Symbol: shell32_ShellAboutA
Symbol: shell32_SHGetPathFromIDListW
Symbol: duser_UninitGadgetComponent
Symbol: opengl32_wglSwapLayerBuffers
Symbol: certcli_CAIsCertTypeCurrent
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionRotationMatrix
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixRotationQuaternion
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbclegal
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbalpha
Symbol: msvcrt__fpieee_flt
Symbol: msvcrt___p___wargv
Symbol: user32_CountClipboardFormats
Symbol: ntdll___eFSUBRPreg
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDecompressFragment
Symbol: msdart_MpHeapAlloc
Symbol: msdart_FXMemDetach
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx_add
Symbol: version_GetFileVersionInfoA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarAdd
Symbol: olecli32_SetNetName
Symbol: ROBOEX32_RoboHelpExWatermark
Symbol: cabinet_FCIDestroy
Symbol: hnetcfg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: licmgr10_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_OpenTraceW
Symbol: kernel32_WriteProfileStringA
Symbol: kernel32_UnlockFile
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalSize
Symbol: rasapi32_RasEnumConnectionsW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasAutodialQueryDlgW
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbchira
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetStatisticsGet2
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetAddressFamilyInfo
Symbol: msi_MsiSourceListAddSourceA
Symbol: shell32_PifMgr_SetProperties
Symbol: dxdiagn_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionTransact
Symbol: clusapi_GetNodeClusterState
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNodeState
Symbol: atmlib_ATMAddFontW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionSquad
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcalpha
Symbol: user32_DdeReconnect
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSChallengeServer
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptFlushLruCache
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetDebugFilterState
Symbol: gdi32_GetObjectType
Symbol: gdi32_GetBoundsRect
Symbol: gdi32_EngStretchBlt
Symbol: gdi32_CopyMetaFileW
Symbol: mspbde40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: olethk32_TransformHRESULT_3216
Symbol: olethk32_TransformHRESULT_1632
Symbol: mscoree_GetAssemblyMDImport
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszDupLenA
Symbol: mapi32_MAPIFindNext
Symbol: inetcfg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathSetDlgItemPathW
Symbol: cabinet_FDIDestroy
Symbol: dxtmsft_DllEnumClassObjects
Symbol: imm32_ImmUnlockIMCC
Symbol: userenv_WaitForUserPolicyForegroundProcessing
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetPCDisplayMask
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetConfigurationW
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetData
Symbol: p2p_PeerEnumGroups
Symbol: pschdprf_CollectPschedPerformanceData
Symbol: ntmsapi_EnumerateNtmsObject
Symbol: jobexec_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAPCMDecode
Symbol: shell32_SHGetSetFolderCustomSettingsW
Symbol: dssenh_CPGenRandom
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAsyncRegisterInit
Symbol: atmlib_ATMMakePFMW
Symbol: atmlib_ATMInstallSubstFontA
Symbol: crypt32_CertFreeCertificateChainEngine
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminUpgradeUsers
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddRefMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeleteFile
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Is_Dock_Station_Present_Ex
Symbol: lsasrv_DsRolerGetDcOperationProgress
Symbol: msdtctm_ASCWrapClassFactory
Symbol: netlogon_NetrLogonSamLogoff
Symbol: regapi_RegCdQueryA
Symbol: McGDMgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilVarBindFree
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingOpenA
Symbol: advapi32_WmiConvertTimestamp
Symbol: advapi32_SaferiSearchMatchingHashRules
Symbol: setupapi_InstallHinfSection
Symbol: msvcrt20__ismbslead
Symbol: usp10_ScriptGetLogicalWidths
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAddressStatusW
Symbol: setupdll_LegacyInfInterpret
Symbol: security_QueryCredentialsAttributesA
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLPrepare
Symbol: npptools_GetNPPPatternFilterFromBlob
Symbol: Bot_NTClientCallme
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbchira
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFPFix
Symbol: msi_MsiCloseHandle
Symbol: mlang_Rfc1766ToLcidW
Symbol: mlang_LcidToRfc1766W
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetLayerf
Symbol: shell32_IsLFNDriveA
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ResetNetworkInfo
Symbol: dbmsvinn_ConnectionWriteOOB
Symbol: opengl32_glListBase
Symbol: cabview_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: atmlib_ATMSetFlags
Symbol: apphelp_SdbSetPermLayerKeys
Symbol: crtdll__pctype_dll
Symbol: user32_SendMessageA
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryShareStatusA
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptRegisterSmartCardStore
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCreateAcl
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreateFile
Symbol: davclnt_NPGetResourceParent
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1EncAbort
Symbol: gdi32_SetBitmapBits
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluDeleteDtcResourceValueW
Symbol: msftedit_CreateTextServices
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserAdd
Symbol: advapi32_CryptHashSessionKey
Symbol: msvcrt20__fcloseall
Symbol: iuctl_LoadIUEngine
Symbol: udhisapi_TerminateExtension
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetLineDevStatusW
Symbol: spoolss_GetClientUserHandle
Symbol: slbcsp_CPGenRandom
Symbol: raschap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbUpdateLog
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLPutData
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLExecute
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupKillBadUserConnections
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFPFix
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumRelatedProductsA
Symbol: glu32_gluEndSurface
Symbol: ftsrch_DeleteIndex
Symbol: duser_CreateAction
Symbol: faultrep_ReportKernelFaultA
Symbol: opengl32_glGetMapdv
Symbol: opengl32_glCallList
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetPhoneNonCanonicalA
Symbol: wmasf_ASFSendTimeToPresTime
Symbol: wmasf_ASFPresTimeToSendTime
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSignCertificate
Symbol: gdi32_StretchDIBits
Symbol: ole32_StgIsStorageILockBytes
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCreateDtcResourceValueW
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserServerEnum
Symbol: scecli_DeltaNotify
Symbol: kernel32_GetNativeSystemInfo
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbctokata
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetConflictValue
Symbol: drmclien_SetAppSec
Symbol: ir50_qc_CompressEnd
Symbol: uniplat_notifMonitorChannel
Symbol: ir41_qc_CompressEnd
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetIcon
Symbol: psbase_SPProviderInitialize
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLFreeEnv
Symbol: msvcrt40__ismbslead
Symbol: msi_MsiGetLanguage
Symbol: mcdsrv32_MCDEngInit
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_logon
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPGenRandom
Symbol: glmf32_glsULongHigh
Symbol: glmf32_glsGLRCLayer
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetRgn
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumerateSymbols
Symbol: crtdll___dllonexit
Symbol: msvcrt__safe_fprem
Symbol: authz_AuthziFreeAuditParams
Symbol: icmp_register_icmp
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEraseUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenDirectoryObject
Symbol: ntdll_NtGetDevicePowerState
Symbol: davclnt_NPFormatNetworkName
Symbol: winipsec_AddTransportFilter
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarEnumerateTrustedDomainsEx
Symbol: ole32_HWND_UserFree
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathGetDriveNumberW
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingClose
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_perror
Symbol: msvcrt20__findclose
Symbol: ctl3d32_BtnWndProc3d
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetLamp
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLEndTran
Symbol: netman_HrGetPnpDeviceStatus
Symbol: netcfgx_NetPropPageProvider
Symbol: msvfw32_ICDrawBegin
Symbol: msvcrt40__fcloseall
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaGosub
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetLayeri
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsAsyncRegisterTerm
Symbol: dbghelp_SymUnDName
Symbol: dbghelp_SymCleanup
Symbol: opengl32_glGetMapfv
Symbol: msvcrt__safe_fdivr
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateCRLContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1open_cmp
Symbol: rpcrt4_SimpleTypeMemorySize
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrPartialIgnoreClientMarshall
Symbol: ole32_OleInitialize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIGetUserLogonInformationEx
Symbol: mapi32_LAUNCHWIZARD
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHRegDeleteUSValueW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptEnumProvidersA
Symbol: kernel32_ExitThread
Symbol: dplayx_DirectPlayEnumerateW
Symbol: w32topl_ToplDeleteGraphState
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetGain
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaGetInfoW
Symbol: pdh_PdhAddCounterW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLPutData
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLExecute
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbctokata
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaGosub
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaFPInt
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetClientInfoV4
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceTypeCloseEnum
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterNodeOpenEnum
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcspace
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetHeapInformation
Symbol: esent_JetCloseFile
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFreeReturnBuffer
Symbol: gdi32_StartFormPage
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPlayScript
Symbol: gdi32_EngStrokePath
Symbol: clbcatq_GetDllType
Symbol: samsrv_SamrAddMemberToGroup
Symbol: netapi32_NetpSetFileSecurity
Symbol: imm32_ImmReSizeIMCC
Symbol: imm32_ImmIMPSetIMEA
Symbol: HAL_HalBeginSystemInterrupt
Symbol: advapi32_LogonUserA
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetProviderExA
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemDirectoryA
Symbol: rasman_RasLinkGetStatistics
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbctohira
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetOriginalValue
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceEnum
Symbol: odbcconf_SetSilent
Symbol: netman_ServiceMain
Symbol: msvcrt40__findclose
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaFPInt
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalSetIfEntry
Symbol: iasnap_IASParseExpressionEx
Symbol: esent97_JetCommitTransaction
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetOptionValueDS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsSetOptionValue
Symbol: certcli_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: certcli_DllInstall
Symbol: admparse_AdmResetW
Symbol: crtdll__pgmptr_dll
Symbol: user32_PrivateExtractIconExA
Symbol: crypt32_CertCreateCTLContext
Symbol: wsock32_getpeername
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryProcessHeapInformation
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteOwnersRanges
Symbol: esent_JetAddColumn
Symbol: msdart_GetMessageI
Symbol: gdi32_GetMiterLimit
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminReleaseContext
Symbol: wmv9vcm_DriverProc
Symbol: olecli32_ErrExecute
Symbol: olecli32_ErrSetUpdateOptions
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaUserGetInfo
Symbol: imm32_ImmDestroySoftKeyboard
Symbol: query_BindIFilterFromStream
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_search_init_page
Symbol: advapi32_CredWriteW
Symbol: comctl32_DllInstall
Symbol: rasman_RasDestroyConnection
Symbol: wow32_GetCommHandle
Symbol: scredir_SCardState
Symbol: polstore_IPSecSetPolicyData
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpRequestOptions
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyFix
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductCodeFromPackageCodeA
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_RecvTcp
Symbol: opengl32_glGetMapiv
Symbol: bidispl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXQuaternionSlerp
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdSetColorKey
Symbol: wuaueng_GetEngineStatusInfo
Symbol: crtdll__winver_dll
Symbol: msvcrt___p__tzname
Symbol: powrprof_GetPwrCapabilities
Symbol: ntdll_NtInitiatePowerAction
Symbol: msgina_WlxActivateUserShell
Symbol: gdi32_ResizePalette
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsMakeSpnA
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcServerInqLocalConnAddress
Symbol: ole32_CoFileTimeNow
Symbol: samsrv_SampReleaseWriteLock
Symbol: msxbde40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: URLMON_HlinkGoBack
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameErrorInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsSystemFolderA
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetCompositionFontA
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWriteBufToFile
Symbol: kernel32_OpenEventA
Symbol: samlib_SamRidToSid
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbicmp
Symbol: msvcrt20__fgetwchar
Symbol: winfax_FaxConnectFaxServerW
Symbol: vfpodbc_SQLSetConnectOption
Symbol: uniplat_SyncDeviceIoControl
Symbol: uniplat_UnimodemWriteFileEx
Symbol: traffic_TcSetFlowA
Symbol: tapi32_lineSetStatusMessages
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetIconW
Symbol: softpub_SoftpubAuthenticode
Symbol: setupdll_SetupCreateService
Symbol: rsvpsp_WSPStartup
Symbol: msw3prt_GetExtensionVersion
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbctohira
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyFix
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCySgn
Symbol: mp43dmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_OfflineClusterGroup
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterRegEnumValue
Symbol: cdfview_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapResult
Symbol: iuengine_InternalSetGlobalOfflineFlag
Symbol: crtdll__ismbclower
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbpunct
Symbol: user32_IsCharAlphaW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIEnumerateSecrets
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarAnd
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreateRASTransport
Symbol: atl_AtlModuleRegisterServer
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_result
Symbol: rasman_RasGetHConnFromEntry
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnbcoll
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__osver
Symbol: rsaenh_CPDeriveKey
Symbol: wzcsapi_EnumWZCDbLogRecords
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCySgn
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyVar
Symbol: wmadmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: esent97_JetRollback
Symbol: csseqchk_ISCSetCurrentState
Symbol: asfsipc_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_DXCopyMemory
Symbol: user32_ValidateRect
Symbol: ntdll_ZwWaitForSingleObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlGetCompressionWorkSpaceSize
Symbol: esent_JetOpenTable
Symbol: URLMON_MkParseDisplayNameEx
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlEscapeA
Symbol: offfilt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: srclient_DisableSR
Symbol: comctl32_DPA_SetPtr
Symbol: nview_DMAddDesktop
Symbol: tapi32_phoneGetRing
Symbol: tapi32_lineSwapHold
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLTablesW
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbicmp
Symbol: msvcrt40__fgetwchar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCySub
Symbol: mciole32_RemoveHook
Symbol: mcd32_MCDCopyPixels
Symbol: dbnmpntw_ConnectionWriteOOB
Symbol: dpvoice_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcdigit
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbgraph
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxExceptionFilter
Symbol: user32_GetDlgCtrlID
Symbol: wmadmoe_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: schedsvc_CloseProc
Symbol: wsock32_getsockname
Symbol: msdart_FXMemAttach
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Create_Range_List
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCLogPathA
Symbol: es_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: WININET_InternetGetLastResponseInfoW
Symbol: pidgen_PIDGenSimpW
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetCaps
Symbol: oleaut32_SysReAllocStringLen
Symbol: setupapi_SetupScanFileQueue
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevGetInfo
Symbol: nvcpl_NvGetTaskbarMenuItems
Symbol: winntbbu_GetBBHwnd
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLPutData
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLExecute
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnbcoll
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__osver
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCySub
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyInt
Symbol: msls31_LsCreateLine
Symbol: mciavi32_DriverProc
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetTcpStatisticsEx
Symbol: esent97_JetGetRecordPosition
Symbol: opengl32_glPushName
Symbol: opengl32_glGetPolygonStipple
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadIconW
Symbol: crtdll__ismbstrail
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcupper
Symbol: crtdll__ismbbprint
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcgraph
Symbol: authz_AuthziInitializeAuditEventType
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceDeviceGetInfo
Symbol: wsock32_GetServiceA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindRange
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualUnicodeString
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDosSearchPath_Ustr
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteTimerQueueEx
Symbol: ntdll_NtRequestDeviceWakeup
Symbol: gdi32_SetBoundsRect
Symbol: gdi32_HT_Get8BPPFormatPalette
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarAbs
Symbol: cdm_OpenCDMContext
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsRemoveStdRoot
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsEnum
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetForestTrustInformationW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLGetData
Symbol: regapi_RegGetTServerVersion
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_referenceA
Symbol: usrsdpia_traceExec
Symbol: msvcrt20__unloaddll
Symbol: msvcrt20__searchenv
Symbol: nview_HKGetActionProperties
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetConfigurationW
Symbol: utildll_ParseDecoratedAsyncDeviceName
Symbol: softpub_DriverCleanupPolicy
Symbol: scredir_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlCreateDumpFile
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyInt
Symbol: msisam11_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiDecomposeDescriptorW
Symbol: mprdim_ServiceMain
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAHeartbeat
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAGetDevice
Symbol: glu32_gluBeginCurve
Symbol: crtdll__ismbcprint
Symbol: ntdll_ZwMakeTemporaryObject
Symbol: ntdll_LdrUnloadDll
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcTransIoCancelled
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_XaEnd
Symbol: ws2help_WahDisableNonIFSHandleSupport
Symbol: ws2help_WahCloseHandleHelper
Symbol: msexch40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: anvctrl_ClosePages
Symbol: msftedit_RichListBoxWndProc
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRelativePathToW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLGetConnectOption
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLBindCol
Symbol: psapi_GetWsChanges
Symbol: advapi32_ChangeServiceConfigA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallFromInfSectionW
Symbol: userenv_GetAllUsersProfileDirectoryW
Symbol: nview_WMGetActiveAppSetting
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalSetIpStats
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUdpStatisticsEx
Symbol: igmpagnt_SnmpExtensionClose
Symbol: iepeers_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dssenh_CPDeriveKey
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCopy
Symbol: wmi_WmiQuerySingleInstanceA
Symbol: syssetup_InvokeExternalApplicationEx
Symbol: msvcrt__filelength
Symbol: msvcrt___p__pctype
Symbol: crypt32_CreateFileU
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueueApcWow64Thread
Symbol: ntdll_NtCompleteConnectPort
Symbol: esent_JetGetSystemParameter
Symbol: regsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLAllocStmt
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedChar32String
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BEREncSX
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrTypeSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcSystemFunction001
Symbol: WININET_InternetConfirmZoneCrossingW
Symbol: WININET_FtpCreateDirectoryW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarCat
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetCombineUrl
Symbol: netapi32_NetUserDel
Symbol: netapi32_NetDfsMove
Symbol: regapi_RegPdQueryA
Symbol: usbui_UsbControlPanelApplet
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpSvcAddrToSocket
Symbol: advapi32_GetMultipleTrusteeW
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_LoadImageA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromI1
Symbol: oleaut32_VarFormatFromTokens
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetProtocolCompression
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFieldCount
Symbol: msvcrt20__amsg_exit
Symbol: odbccr32_SQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: msvcrt40__unloaddll
Symbol: msvcrt40__searchenv
Symbol: msvcrt40__EH_prolog
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarOr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaError
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyMul
Symbol: msi_MsiMessageBoxA
Symbol: mscms_CreateColorTransformW
Symbol: midimap_DriverProc
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAAuxDecode
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetConsti
Symbol: ftsrch_NewSearcher
Symbol: alrsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: powrprof_GetActivePwrScheme
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgOpenToDecode
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreA
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetDebugFilterState
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSubtreePredecessor
Symbol: netrap_RapLastPointerOffset
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLNumParams
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_collen
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_CR_CIPHER_VALUE
Symbol: mscoree_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetGetShareAndBridgeSettings
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetLineControlsA
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceConfig2A
Symbol: oleaut32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: printui_ConstructPrinterFriendlyName
Symbol: rasapi32_RasDialWow
Symbol: msvcrt20__wmakepath
Symbol: nview_NVGetHwndSpanningRect
Symbol: slbcsp_CPDeriveKey
Symbol: netcfgx_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarOr
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaError
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyMul
Symbol: opengl32_glTexGendv
Symbol: opengl32_glIndexubv
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterNetworkId
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixTranspose
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdResetVisrgn
Symbol: ddrawex_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__mbctolower
Symbol: msvcrt__localtime64
Symbol: msvcrt___unDNameEx
Symbol: user32_WINNLSGetEnableStatus
Symbol: user32_SystemParametersInfoA
Symbol: user32_GetRawInputDeviceList
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeleteFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlSetUnicodeCallouts
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeResource
Symbol: msdart_MessageBoxI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecFragmentedChar16String
Symbol: gdi32_GetBrushOrgEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcConnectionInqSockBuffSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqConnId
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_AddRef
Symbol: wintrust_CryptCATAdminAcquireContext
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarNeg
Symbol: bootvid_VidCleanUp
Symbol: imeshare_PColorStyleTextFromIMEStyle
Symbol: imm32_ImmIMPGetIMEW
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpGetTranslateMode
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromI1
Symbol: msvcrt20__mbsnicoll
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplRscMgrLoadString
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetScalingStatus
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvDeleteValue
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetLamp
Symbol: rastapi_PortClearStatistics
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibDraw
Symbol: msvcrt40__amsg_exit
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdNamedCall
Symbol: msports_ParallelPortPropPageProvider
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPDeriveKey
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsCloseSearchHandle
Symbol: msvcrt__mbsnbicoll
Symbol: user32_EnableWindow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreateFile
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUsageHeap
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLockBootStatusData
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_AliasA
Symbol: lmhsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: samsrv_SampAcquireWriteLock
Symbol: msexcl40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaObjVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLbound
Symbol: INETWH32_BrowserNameFromUser
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetServerTrustPasswordsGet
Symbol: comsnap_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: imagehlp_MapFileAndCheckSumA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromI4
Symbol: msvcrt20__tcsncicmp
Symbol: nview_NVUnregisterNotificationWindow
Symbol: themeui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: themeui_DllInstall
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaSetInfoW
Symbol: odbccu32_SQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibTime
Symbol: msvcrt40__wmakepath
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdNamedCall
Symbol: esent97_JetOpenFile
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetClientInfoV4
Symbol: opengl32_wglUseFontOutlinesA
Symbol: opengl32_glTexGenfv
Symbol: cmutil_CmEndOfStrA
Symbol: ntdll_RtlQueryProcessLockInformation
Symbol: ntdll_NtDeleteAtom
Symbol: netrap_RapParmNumDescriptor
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLNativeSql
Symbol: msdart_RegisterEventSourceI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Query_Arbitrator_Free_Size
Symbol: gdi32_GetOutlineTextMetricsW
Symbol: WININET_FtpRemoveDirectoryA
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetCompositionFontW
Symbol: comrepl_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: winsta_WinStationEnumerateA
Symbol: imagehlp_FindExecutableImage
Symbol: rasapi32_RasHangUpW
Symbol: rasdlg_RasWizCreateNewEntry
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetCountryInfo
Symbol: samlib_SamiEncryptPasswords
Symbol: samlib_SamShutdownSamServer
Symbol: SCP32_FTranslateScp
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Register_Device_Driver_Ex
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHGetSockaddrType
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplMonitorDetection
Symbol: w32topl_ToplScheduleDuration
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetResourceServiceEnvironment
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilIsResourceClassEqual
Symbol: nwprovau_NwInitializeServiceProvider
Symbol: msvcrt40__mbsnicoll
Symbol: shell32_PathQualify
Symbol: clusapi_SetClusterGroupName
Symbol: clusapi_OpenClusterResource
Symbol: loadperf_LoadMofFromInstalledServiceA
Symbol: crtdll__mbctoupper
Symbol: syssetup_SetupEnumerateRegisteredOsComponents
Symbol: msvcrt___p__pgmptr
Symbol: user32_PeekMessageW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenDirectoryObject
Symbol: ntdll_ZwGetDevicePowerState
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeleteElementGenericTableAvl
Symbol: ntdll_NtReplaceKey
Symbol: gdi32_SetMiterLimit
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUseProtseqW
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_GetVGAStatus
Symbol: netapi32_NetpNetBiosStatusToApiStatus
Symbol: netapi32_NetWkstaUserSetInfo
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetDirectoryType
Symbol: HAL_HalStopProfileInterrupt
Symbol: advapi32_StopTraceW
Symbol: advapi32_EnumServicesStatusW
Symbol: comctl32_CreateStatusWindowW
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcGetErrorString
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupGetFileTitle
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetLineCountA
Symbol: spoolss_SplUnregisterForDeviceEvents
Symbol: psbase_SPCloseItem
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcReplace
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMakeDir
Symbol: mscms_RegisterCMMA
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDSetPlayParameters
Symbol: iashlpr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glGenLists
Symbol: atmlib_ATMMakePSSW
Symbol: adptif_IpxPostQueuedCompletionStatus
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEDeleteConnection
Symbol: msvcrt___p__winver
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSTriggerReGenKey
Symbol: activeds_ADsDecodeBinaryData
Symbol: msdart_DlgDirListI
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Next_Log_Conf
Symbol: rpcrt4_double_array_from_ndr
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcConnectionSetSockBuffSize
Symbol: ole32_StringFromIID
Symbol: ole32_IIDFromString
Symbol: mtxclu_WasDTCInstalledBySQL
Symbol: msdtcprx_DTC_AxReg
Symbol: WININET_InternetCombineUrlW
Symbol: WININET_InternetClearAllPerSiteCookieDecisions
Symbol: WININET_GopherGetAttributeW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrAryToUnicode
Symbol: expsrv___vbaObjSet
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLProcedureColumns
Symbol: kernel32_CopyLZFile
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromI1
Symbol: pngfilt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt20_localeconv
Symbol: msvcrt20_isleadbyte
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeTextMetrics
Symbol: tapi32_lineForwardW
Symbol: scrobj_DllRegisterServerExW
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceWork
Symbol: nwprovau_NwEncryptChallenge
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibOpen
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMakeDir
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaInStr
Symbol: mcd32_MCDTextureKey
Symbol: hotplug_HotPlugEjectVetoedW
Symbol: glu32_gluDeleteTess
Symbol: shell32_ShellAboutW
Symbol: devenum_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsNameCompareEx_UTF8
Symbol: opengl32_glTexGeniv
Symbol: opengl32_glGetError
Symbol: certmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: certmgr_DllInstall
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbtrail
Symbol: user32_GetKeyboardLayoutList
Symbol: authz_AuthzGetInformationFromContext
Symbol: wintrust_CryptSIPRemoveSignedDataMsg
Symbol: version_GetFileVersionInfoW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLenVar
Symbol: expsrv___vbaChkstk
Symbol: MSIDENT_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: anvioctl_TVCTL_SaveTVAdjust
Symbol: anvioctl_GetDXInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsUNCA
Symbol: msorcl32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: regapi_RegWdQueryA
Symbol: winsta_WinStationDisconnect
Symbol: kernel32_WriteProfileStringW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromI2
Symbol: wshatm_WSHGetWinsockMapping
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaInStr
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcFileLen
Symbol: msvbvm50_VBDllRegisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiSourceListAddSourceW
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCDFEnumMembersByCDFTag
Symbol: glu32_gluNewQuadric
Symbol: glmf32_glsWriteFunc
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterResourceEnum
Symbol: adptif_FwUnbindFwInterfaceFromAdapter
Symbol: adptif_FwIsStarted
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbalnum
Symbol: user32_IsCharLowerA
Symbol: ntdll_CsrNewThread
Symbol: msdart_MoveFileExI
Symbol: catsrvut_CGMIsAdministrator
Symbol: ws2help_WahCloseSocketHandle
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarMod
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDateDiff
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssKeyExchPreferenceDecodeEx
Symbol: imm32_ImmLoadLayout
Symbol: winmm_mmTaskCreate
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrImpersonateClient
Symbol: localspl_SplGetPrinterExtra
Symbol: msvcrt20__findfirst
Symbol: tapi32_phoneSetRing
Symbol: spoolss_UpdatePrinterRegAll
Symbol: olepro32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt40_localeconv
Symbol: msvcrt40_isleadbyte
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcFileLen
Symbol: msvbvm60_VBDllRegisterServer
Symbol: mssign32_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiApplyPatchA
Symbol: dbghelp_FindFileInSearchPath
Symbol: confmsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterGetEnumCount
Symbol: atmlib_ATMInstallSubstFontW
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DVertexBuffer8GetData
Symbol: crtdll__XcptFilter
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcalnum
Symbol: user32_MB_GetString
Symbol: ntdll_ZwInitiatePowerAction
Symbol: ntdll_RtlClearBits
Symbol: ntdll_NtClearEvent
Symbol: msgsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_colfmt
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetSockaddrType
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaICryptProtectData
Symbol: gdi32_FixBrushOrgEx
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluSetDTCLogPathA
Symbol: WININET_ShowClientAuthCerts
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleDecodeHeader
Symbol: MSOERT2_StrToUintA
Symbol: rdchost_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: regapi_RegCdQueryW
Symbol: wnaspi32_GetASPI32SupportInfo
Symbol: winsta_ServerLicensingOpenW
Symbol: comctl32_DrawInsert
Symbol: msv1_0_MsvSamLogoff
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromI8
Symbol: samlib_SamOpenUser
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_TMBPostMessage
Symbol: msrclr40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: security_QueryCredentialsAttributesW
Symbol: odbcjt32_SQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: ntmsapi_MoveToNtmsMediaPool
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaSetSystemError
Symbol: wmdmlog_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msi_MsiLoadStringA
Symbol: shell32_PathResolve
Symbol: shell32_IsLFNDriveW
Symbol: ksuser_KsCreateTopologyNode
Symbol: adsldpc_FindSearchTableIndex
Symbol: d3dim700_GetPriority
Symbol: user32_SendMessageW
Symbol: user32_PaintMenuBar
Symbol: user32_GetUserObjectSecurity
Symbol: cscdll_CSCQueryShareStatusW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptGetKeyIdentifierProperty
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceDeviceSetInfo
Symbol: wsock32_SetServiceA
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenThread
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Modify_Res_Des_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedChar32String
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrEncapsulatedUnionBufferSize
Symbol: samsrv_SamIChangePasswordForeignUser2
Symbol: expsrv_EbResetProjectNormal
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetCompareUrl
Symbol: imm32_ImmFreeLayout
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_dn2ufnA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_ufn2dnA
Symbol: advapi32_GetAuditedPermissionsFromAclA
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrMoveSatisfiedWait
Symbol: kernel32_ResetEvent
Symbol: msv1_0_SpInitialize
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrCat
Symbol: oleaut32_DispInvoke
Symbol: printui_ConnectToPrinterDlg
Symbol: rasman_RasPortStoreUserData
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenFileQueue
Symbol: msvcrt20___doserrno
Symbol: w32topl_ToplDeleteComponents
Symbol: spoolss_WaitForSpoolerInitialization
Symbol: npptools_recursiveDeleteKey
Symbol: wzcsapi_OpenWZCDbLogSession
Symbol: msvidc32_DriverProc
Symbol: msvcrt40__findfirst
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaSetSystemError
Symbol: msi_MsiEnumRelatedProductsW
Symbol: mapistub_MAPILogon
Symbol: ipxsap_ServiceMain
Symbol: shell32_CDefFolderMenu_Create
Symbol: faultrep_ReportKernelFaultW
Symbol: clusapi_CloseClusterNetwork
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixRotationX
Symbol: initpki_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: initpki_DllInstall
Symbol: msieftp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msieftp_DllInstall
Symbol: user32_IsCharUpperA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgOpenToEncode
Symbol: mprapi_MprSetupIpInIpInterfaceFriendlyNameFree
Symbol: wsock32_gethostname
Symbol: wsock32_closesocket
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetInformationToken
Symbol: netui1_MNetMessageBufferSend
Symbol: msdart_LoadStringI
Symbol: msdart_GetWindowTextLengthI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecOctetString2
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCLogSizeA
Symbol: wintrust_OpenPersonalTrustDBDialogEx
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarDiv
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8FixI2
Symbol: SHLWAPI_StrFormatByteSize64A
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLSetConnectOption
Symbol: HAL_KdComPortInUse
Symbol: HAL_KeAcquireInStackQueuedSpinLockRaiseToSynch
Symbol: kernel32_OpenMutexA
Symbol: kernel32_GetVersion
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromI1
Symbol: setupapi_UnicodeToMultiByte
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHGetProviderGuid
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvGetWindowsDirectoryA
Symbol: synceng_DeleteTwin
Symbol: occache_ReleaseControlHandle
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrCy
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaCyStr
Symbol: msi_MsiUseFeatureA
Symbol: mmutilse_setlocale
Symbol: mciwave_DriverProc
Symbol: shell32_PathIsSlowA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetClientInfoV4DS
Symbol: clusapi_GetClusterFromGroup
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixRotationY
Symbol: aclui_EditSecurity
Symbol: crypt32_CertVerifyRevocation
Symbol: ntdll_NtUnlockFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtLoadDriver
Symbol: esent_JetSetSystemParameter
Symbol: msdart_GetWindowsDirectoryI
Symbol: msgina_WlxScreenSaverNotify
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncFragmentedChar16String
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrEncapsulatedUnionUnmarshall
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUbound
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetSecondOfMinute
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetConversionStatus
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmIsTextFrameServiceDisabled
Symbol: advapi32_GetTraceLoggerHandle
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrSetCallingSpooler
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromR4
Symbol: printui_bFolderEnumPrinters
Symbol: rasman_RasPortSetProtocolCompression
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryFileLogA
Symbol: msvcrt20__getdrives
Symbol: occache_SweepControlsByLastAccessDate
Symbol: msvcrt40___doserrno
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrCy
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaCyStr
Symbol: pautoenr_CertAutoEnrollment
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetTcpEntryToStack
Symbol: hid_HidP_UsageListDifference
Symbol: wmvcore_WMCheckURLExtension
Symbol: d3dim_PaletteAssociateNotify
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXMatrixRotationZ
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetServerNameEx
Symbol: powrprof_SetActivePwrScheme
Symbol: ntdll_vDbgPrintExWithPrefix
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRequestDeviceWakeup
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCompareMemoryUlong
Symbol: winipsec_GetTransportFilter
Symbol: msdart_RegOpenKeyI
Symbol: gdi32_GdiQueryFonts
Symbol: msdtcuiu_RunDACExe
Symbol: msdtctm_DtcMainExt
Symbol: msjtes40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8FixI4
Symbol: hnetcfg_HNetSetShareAndBridgeSettings
Symbol: imgutil_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: advapi32_CryptEnumProvidersW
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleOutputA
Symbol: printui_ConnectToPrinterPropertyPage
Symbol: usrsdpia_traceInit
Symbol: msvcrt20__wcsnicoll
Symbol: msvcrt20__aexit_rtn
Symbol: wshatm_WSHJoinLeaf
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvCopyIniFile
Symbol: regwizc_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: rasppp_RasCpEnumProtocolIds
Symbol: npptools_MergeBlob
Symbol: mobsync_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetUniDirectionalAdapterInfo
Symbol: duser_FindStdColor
Symbol: wmsdmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_UnregisterUserApiHook
Symbol: user32_GetUpdateRgn
Symbol: zipfldr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSIssueNewLicense
Symbol: crypt32_CryptRegisterOIDInfo
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUnicodeToCustomCPN
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCustomCPToUnicodeN
Symbol: gdi32_SetBrushOrgEx
Symbol: advpack_UserInstStubWrapper
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarImp
Symbol: expsrv_rtcPackDate
Symbol: ddraw_D3DParseUnknownCommand
Symbol: netapi32_NetUseEnum
Symbol: imm32_ImmIMPSetIMEW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLConnect
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetTranslateMode
Symbol: advapi32_LogonUserW
Symbol: advapi32_CryptSetProviderExW
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemDirectoryW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromR4
Symbol: rasman_RasPortFree
Symbol: setupapi_SetupOpenMasterInf
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Res_Des_Data
Symbol: odtext32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: nvshell_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wmsdmoe_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: usp10_ScriptGetCMap
Symbol: rtm_RtmUpdateAndUnlockRoute
Symbol: msvcrt40__getdrives
Symbol: mssign32_SignerSign
Symbol: iassvcs_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: hid_HidP_GetScaledUsageValue
Symbol: cryptext_CryptExtOpenPKCS7W
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Add
Symbol: wuaueng_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_PrivateExtractIconExW
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSLicenseEnumNext
Symbol: cscdll_WinlogonStartupEvent
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCompleteConnectPort
Symbol: esent_JetGetLogInfoInstance2
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventDataA
Symbol: ipnathlp_NhInitializeBufferManagement
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIGetForestTrustInformation
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrStubCall2
Symbol: ole32_HWND_UserSize
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetJoinMasterA
Symbol: msdtctm_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarFix
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8IntI2
Symbol: ROBOEX32_Wh98SeeAlso
Symbol: sxs_SxsBeginAssemblyInstall
Symbol: imm32_ImmGetContext
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLFreeEnv
Symbol: winmm_midiOutGetID
Symbol: winsta_WinStationQueryUpdateRequired
Symbol: imagehlp_GetTimestampForLoadedLibrary
Symbol: imagehlp_FindDebugInfoFileEx
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromR8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromI1
Symbol: rasman_RasPortGetStatistics
Symbol: wshisn_WSHGetWinsockMapping
Symbol: wlnotify_SensReconnectEvent
Symbol: storprop_DiskClassInstaller
Symbol: rastapi_PortTestSignalState
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLAllocHandle
Symbol: msvcrt40__wcsnicoll
Symbol: msvcrt40__aexit_rtn
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarFromFormatVar
Symbol: msi_MsiGetProductCodeFromPackageCodeW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Add
Symbol: wmpcore_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt___dllonexit
Symbol: user32_PostMessageA
Symbol: activeds_ADsEncodeBinaryData
Symbol: wsock32_ioctlsocket
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHGetProviderGuid
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsMakeSpnW
Symbol: samsrv_SamrUnicodeChangePasswordUser2
Symbol: samsrv_SamIConnect
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubLoadMessage
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrCat
Symbol: expsrv___vbaResume
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsSystemFolderW
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetCompositionFontW
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLGetInfo
Symbol: mmfutil_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: regapi_RegWinStationQueryEx
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterServiceCtrlHandlerExA
Symbol: kernel32_PulseEvent
Symbol: kernel32_OpenEventW
Symbol: localspl_OpenPrintProcessor
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromR8
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Connect_MachineA
Symbol: msvcrt20__nextafter
Symbol: webhits_GetExtensionVersion
Symbol: traffic_TcSetFlowW
Symbol: termmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: nvoglnt_DrvSwapLayerBuffers
Symbol: synceng_GetFolderTwinStatus
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarFromFormatVar
Symbol: wmvdmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: glu32_gluPickMatrix
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Add
Symbol: msvcrt__wsetlocale
Symbol: msvcrt__findnexti64
Symbol: msvcrt__findfirst64
Symbol: user32_VkKeyScanExA
Symbol: user32_OpenDesktopA
Symbol: ntdll_NtTraceEvent
Symbol: davclnt_NPOpenEnum
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLTablePrivilegesW
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCreateDynamicFullRedirect
Symbol: comsvcs_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: WININET_DllInstall
Symbol: expsrv___vbaR8IntI4
Symbol: expsrv___vbaInStrB
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarDup
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: SHDOCVW_DllInstall
Symbol: iesetup_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iesetup_DllInstall
Symbol: ntlanman_ShareStop
Symbol: wiaservc_wiasWritePropFloat
Symbol: winmm_mixerMessage
Symbol: avifil32_CreateEditableStream
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServiceGetInfo
Symbol: wmvdmoe_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetPortA
Symbol: spoolss_SpoolerFreePrinterNotifyInfo
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetUniversalName
Symbol: ncxpnt_NetConnFree
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpHeartBeat
Symbol: glmf32_glsIsContext
Symbol: crtdll__getsystime
Symbol: jscript_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetAsn1Decoder
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLengthSid
Symbol: msdart_LoadCursorI
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx_sub
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarSub
Symbol: INETCOMM_EssKeyExchPreferenceEncodeEx
Symbol: MSOERT2_IsValidFileIfFileUrl
Symbol: SHLWAPI_UrlEscapeW
Symbol: imm32_ImmSendMessageToActiveDefImeWndW
Symbol: imm32_ImmProcessKey
Symbol: scecli_SceSetupRootSecurity
Symbol: vssapi_RegisterSnapshotSubscriptions
Symbol: winmm_mmTaskSignal
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdn2
Symbol: comdlg32_WantArrows
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarBstrCmp
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromR8
Symbol: setupapi_MyRealloc
Symbol: msvcrt20___winitenv
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetCharDevControl
Symbol: spoolss_SplGetSpoolFileInfo
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpGetIEProxyConfigForCurrentUser
Symbol: msvcrt40__nextafter
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaLateIdNamedStAd
Symbol: msvbvm50_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msports_ComDBClose
Symbol: hnetwiz_HomeNetWizardRunDll
Symbol: glmf32___glsString_appendChar
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorF
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetOptionInfoV5
Symbol: opengl32_glTexEnvfv
Symbol: pstorec_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iuengine_InternalDownloadUpdatedFiles
Symbol: user32_SetConsoleReserveKeys
Symbol: ntdll_ZwDeleteAtom
Symbol: ntdll_RtlpNtEnumerateSubKey
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCLogPathW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarInt
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFreeFile
Symbol: olesvr32_DocWndProc
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleEncodeHeader
Symbol: anvioctl_SetDXInfo
Symbol: safrslv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLPrepare
Symbol: kernel32_UTRegister
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiReclaimRxVoice
Symbol: msvcrt20__longjmpex
Symbol: msvcrt20__fputwchar
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetFirstMfe
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilIsPathValid
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupGetDriverInfForPrinter
Symbol: npptools_GetStringsFromBlob
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaLateIdNamedStAd
Symbol: msvbvm60_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: modemui_QueryModemForCountrySettings
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSHeartbeat
Symbol: glu32_gluEndPolygon
Symbol: digest_FreeCredentialsHandle
Symbol: msvcrt__wsearchenv
Symbol: user32_CloseDesktop
Symbol: authz_AuthzAddSidsToContext
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSKeyPackEnumNext
Symbol: wsock32_GetServiceW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwReplaceKey
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAccessAllowedAce
Symbol: ole32_WriteClassStg
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateDefaultHandler
Symbol: ole32_GetConvertStg
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarEqv
Symbol: expsrv___vbaAryVar
Symbol: URLMON_CoInternetGetSession
Symbol: AsusVr_GetModeInfo
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsURLA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_parse_referenceW
Symbol: imagehlp_UpdateDebugInfoFile
Symbol: localspl_SplSetPrinterExtra
Symbol: msvcrt40___winitenv
Symbol: msls31_LsGetLineDur
Symbol: lpk_LpkEditControl
Symbol: dmutil_ShowMessage
Symbol: dmstyle_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dx8vb_D3DVertexBuffer8SetData
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbclower
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbpunct
Symbol: user32_ReplyMessage
Symbol: mstlsapi_EnumerateTlsServer
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryAttributesFile
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Enumerate_Classes
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUdtVar
Symbol: DMO_CSDecode_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetUser
Symbol: vssapi_SimulateSnapshotThaw
Symbol: advapi32_ChangeServiceConfigW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Free_Log_Conf_Ex
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiReclaimTxVoice
Symbol: xactsrv_XsCaptureParameters
Symbol: wiavusd_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: wavemsp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: w32topl_ToplSTHeapExtractMin
Symbol: softpub_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: setupdll_TestAdmin
Symbol: msvcrt40__longjmpex
Symbol: msvcrt40__fputwchar
Symbol: msvcrt40___RTtypeid
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATPersistStore
Symbol: mgmtapi_SnmpMgrCtl
Symbol: hotplug_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: duser_GetStdColorI
Symbol: ksuser_KsCreatePin
Symbol: opengl32_glTexEnviv
Symbol: opengl32_glMapGrid1d
Symbol: wmi_WmiQuerySingleInstanceW
Symbol: d3dim700_SetPriority
Symbol: syssetup_TapeClassInstaller
Symbol: mstscax_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcpunct
Symbol: user32_SetUserObjectSecurity
Symbol: user32_InternalGetWindowText
Symbol: user32_GetClassWord
Symbol: user32_CreateCursor
Symbol: newdev_DevInstallW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptSetKeyIdentifierProperty
Symbol: ntdll_RtlEqualLuid
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCommitMemoryStream
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarMul
Symbol: expsrv___vbaUnkVar
Symbol: cmprops_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: regapi_RegPdQueryW
Symbol: HAL_ExTryToAcquireFastMutex
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_LoadImageW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromR8
Symbol: rasman_RasPortSend
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfullpath
Symbol: msvcrt20__wfindnext
Symbol: msvcrt20__controlfp
Symbol: xenroll_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: tapi32_lineShutdown
Symbol: scripto_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: npptools_FindOneOf
Symbol: msi_MsiMessageBoxW
Symbol: dxtrans_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glMapGrid2d
Symbol: wmi_WmiQueryGuidInformation
Symbol: user32_WindowFromDC
Symbol: crypt32_CertAddEncodedCertificateToSystemStoreW
Symbol: wsock32_sethostname
Symbol: wkssvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluSetDTCLogSizeA
Symbol: version_VerQueryValueIndexA
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIEBrowsePrev
Symbol: EL2K_CPP_NetPropPageProvider
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCopyKeyA
Symbol: cabinet_DeleteExtractedFiles
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLPutData
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLExecute
Symbol: mstask_ConvertAtJobsToTasks
Symbol: query_SetupCacheEx
Symbol: shimgvw_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: shimgvw_DllInstall
Symbol: winmm_mixerGetLineControlsW
Symbol: advapi32_QueryServiceConfig2W
Symbol: nview_DMGetSetting
Symbol: spoolss_RouterAllocPrinterNotifyInfo
Symbol: spoolss_AddPrinterDriverExW
Symbol: rsaenh_CPImportKey
Symbol: rasser_PortReceive
Symbol: psbase_SPEnumItems
Symbol: pdh_PdhVbOpenQuery
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDescribeCol
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fprem1
Symbol: mprmsg_GetEventIds
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDRawClose
Symbol: dsauth_StoreSetAttributesVA
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetClientInfoV4DS
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQueryExA
Symbol: opengl32_glMapGrid1f
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookMergeChanges
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbstrail
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcupper
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbbprint
Symbol: user32_SystemParametersInfoW
Symbol: authz_AuthzCachedAccessCheck
Symbol: crypt32_CryptEnumOIDFunction
Symbol: ntdll_ZwClearEvent
Symbol: msdart_MPInitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount
Symbol: SQLSRV32_BCP_colptr
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDtcUserInfo
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStrCmp
Symbol: imm32_ImmSetConversionStatus
Symbol: scecli_SceGetDatabaseSetting
Symbol: winmm_midiOutClose
Symbol: winsta_WinStationFreeMemory
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileCreateStreamA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTreeA
Symbol: msvcrt20__splitpath
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fprem1
Symbol: nvwdmcpl_nViewMain
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilAddUnknownProperties
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfullpath
Symbol: msvcrt40__wfindnext
Symbol: msvcrt40__controlfp
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fprem1
Symbol: mcastmib_SnmpExtensionQuery
Symbol: jet500_JetCloseTable
Symbol: dsuiext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dsuiext_DllInstall
Symbol: dsprop_ErrMsgParam
Symbol: opengl32_glMapGrid2f
Symbol: clusapi_ClusterGroupControl
Symbol: msvcrt__ismbcprint
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenThread
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDeactivateActivationContextUnsafeFast
Symbol: ntdll_NtCreatePort
Symbol: winipsec_SetTransportFilter
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_Interface_AliasW
Symbol: msgina_WlxIsLockOk
Symbol: samsrv_SamrConnect
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarNot
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileSeek
Symbol: ROBOEX32_JumpUrlIEBrowseNext
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsManagerReportSiteInfo
Symbol: oakley_IKEShutdown
Symbol: winmm_gfxModifyGfx
Symbol: imagehlp_MapFileAndCheckSumW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleKeyboardLayoutNameA
Symbol: msvcrt20__strnicoll
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetConnectionEnum
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilStartResourceService
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfObjectA
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcGetYear
Symbol: msvbvm50_CopyRecord
Symbol: mscms_CreateProfileFromLogColorSpaceA
Symbol: glmf32_glsUTF8toUCS4
Symbol: glmf32_glsUCS4toUTF8
Symbol: dmsynth_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_wglUseFontOutlinesW
Symbol: cmutil_CmEndOfStrW
Symbol: user32_SubtractRect
Symbol: user32_PaintDesktop
Symbol: user32_GetMenuState
Symbol: cryptui_EnrollmentCOMObjectFactory_getInstance
Symbol: srrstr_PasswordChangeNotify
Symbol: wsock32_WSACancelBlockingCall
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetInformationToken
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpperChar
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLGetData
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIFree_LSAPR_TRANSLATED_SIDS
Symbol: colbact_PartitionAccessCheck
Symbol: ole32_WriteClassStm
Symbol: WININET_FtpRemoveDirectoryW
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateTempFileStream
Symbol: secur32_FreeCredentialsHandle
Symbol: winsta_WinStationEnumerateW
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSTerminateProcess
Symbol: kernel32_BaseInitAppcompatCacheSupport
Symbol: usrcntra_SetCountryTableVar
Symbol: userenv_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: userenv_DllInstall
Symbol: rtm_MgmGetMfeStats
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetPrivateProperties
Symbol: psbase_SPWriteItem
Symbol: ntmsmgr_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntmsapi_GetNtmsRequestOrder
Symbol: msvfw32_DrawDibStop
Symbol: msvcrt40__splitpath
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fprem1
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcGetYear
Symbol: msvbvm60_CopyRecord
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcQBColor
Symbol: msvbvm50_EbGetHandleOfExecutingProject
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaDateR4
Symbol: msisip_MsiSIPIsMyTypeOfFile
Symbol: hid_HidP_SetScaledUsageValue
Symbol: fontext_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: faultrep_ReportFaultToQueue
Symbol: admparse_CheckDuplicateKeysA
Symbol: loadperf_LoadMofFromInstalledServiceW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwUnlockFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwLoadDriver
Symbol: ntdll_RtlPushFrame
Symbol: esent_JetGetDatabaseFileInfo
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLBindCol
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleUnEscapeStringInPlace
Symbol: anvioctl_GetIRQNum
Symbol: atrace_INTERNAL__DebugAssert
Symbol: mstask_NetrJobEnum
Symbol: srclient_SRSetRestorePointA
Symbol: trkwks_ServiceMain
Symbol: itiimg3_p3_ReleaseP3
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyRound
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR8FromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromR8
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetLineCountW
Symbol: msvcrt40__strnicoll
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcQBColor
Symbol: msvbvm60_EbGetHandleOfExecutingProject
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaDateR4
Symbol: mscms_RegisterCMMW
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDAuxClose
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDArtToMid
Symbol: hnetwiz_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dssenh_CPImportKey
Symbol: msvcrt__mbctolower
Symbol: user32_IMPQueryIMEA
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptGetAsn1Encoder
Symbol: ntdll_abs
Symbol: esent_JetSetColumn
Symbol: winipsec_EnumQMSAs
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHStringToAddress
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHAddressToString
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqSecurityContext
Symbol: wintrust_SoftpubDefCertInit
Symbol: mstext40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv___vbaFixstrConstruct
Symbol: a3d_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: dxtmsft_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: secur32_LsaLookupAuthenticationPackage
Symbol: advapi32_CheckTokenMembership
Symbol: kernel32_SetSystemPowerState
Symbol: kernel32_CreateWaitableTimerA
Symbol: msv1_0_LsaApInitializePackage
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServiceInstall
Symbol: w32topl_ToplVertexGetOutEdge
Symbol: ntlanui_ServerBrowseDialogA0
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcLeftVar
Symbol: jet500_JetCreateLink
Symbol: glu32_gluTessNormal
Symbol: mciqtz32_DriverProc
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumSym
Symbol: opengl32_glViewport
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEGetNewConnection
Symbol: syssetup_StorageCoInstaller
Symbol: user32_DestroyCaret
Symbol: cscdll_CSCShareIdToShareName
Symbol: srvsvc_ServiceMain
Symbol: ntdll_NtQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: netui1_MNetCharDevQPurgeSelf
Symbol: schannel_SslCrackCertificate
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeSchemaGuidMapA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemNamedCall
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreateLinkFromFile
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsUNCW
Symbol: netapi32_NetApiBufferAllocate
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcSiteCoverageA
Symbol: rdpwsx_WsxIcaStackIoControl
Symbol: regapi_RegWdQueryW
Symbol: riched20_RichEdit10ANSIWndProc
Symbol: ssdpapi_FindServicesCallback
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpFreeVbl
Symbol: RDOCURS_FoxGetCollisionRows
Symbol: wlnotify_SCardStartCertProp
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetPortA
Symbol: slbcsp_CPImportKey
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminETCMapGetInfo
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgFault
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcLeftVar
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcMidBstr
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsCreateDSObjectExt
Symbol: crtdll__setsystime
Symbol: syssetup_ScsiClassInstaller
Symbol: msvcrt__wfindfirst
Symbol: user32_IsCharLowerW
Symbol: drmstor_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: mprapi_MprSetupIpInIpInterfaceFriendlyNameEnum
Symbol: ntdll_NtCurrentTeb
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsLogEntry
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrFixedArrayMarshall
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarPow
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_count_references
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSVirtualChannelPurgeOutput
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSQueryUserConfigA
Symbol: rasman_RasPortOpen
Symbol: rasman_RasPortEnumProtocols
Symbol: t2embed_TTEmbedFont
Symbol: spoolss_LoadDriver
Symbol: setupdll_GetEnvVar
Symbol: rsaenh_CPExportKey
Symbol: rasser_PortConnect
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDiagRecW
Symbol: ntvdmd_xxxDbgBPInt
Symbol: npptools_ReleaseEventSystem
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcMidBstr
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaDateR8
Symbol: msi_MsiApplyPatchW
Symbol: ieakeng_AddADMItemA
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPImportKey
Symbol: shell32_SHEnableServiceObject
Symbol: esent97_JetSetSessionContext
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetOptionInfoV5
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpGetMCastMibInfo
Symbol: msvcrt__wfindnext64
Symbol: msvcrt__mbctoupper
Symbol: user32_UpdateWindow
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLManageDataSources
Symbol: mscories_Uninstall
Symbol: lsasrv_LsapInitLsa
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcGetExtendedError
Symbol: ole32_IsValidPtrOut
Symbol: mtxoci_GetXaSwitch
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluSetDTCLogPathW
Symbol: msltus40_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: expsrv_rtcPackTime
Symbol: expsrv_BASIC_DISPINTERFACE_GetTICount
Symbol: MSOERT2_StrToUintW
Symbol: wucltui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dsquery_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dsquery_DllInstall
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetlogonComputeClientDigest
Symbol: winmm_waveOutGetID
Symbol: winmm_gfxRemoveGfx
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpCleanup
Symbol: utildll_StrSdClass
Symbol: ntprint_PSetupUpgradeClusterDriversW
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaDateR8
Symbol: msi_MsiLoadStringW
Symbol: msi_MsiViewExecute
Symbol: igmpagnt_SnmpExtensionQuery
Symbol: duser_UtilGetColor
Symbol: dskquota_ProcessGroupPolicy
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_GetStringFromBuffer
Symbol: cryptnet_I_CryptNetGetUserDsStoreUrl
Symbol: wsock32_SetServiceW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwTraceEvent
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseCreate
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInitializeCriticalSectionAndSpinCount
Symbol: ntdll_RtlAddAuditAccessAceEx
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Uninstall_DevNode
Symbol: lsasrv_ServiceInit
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrNonConformantStringMarshall
Symbol: ole32_SetConvertStg
Symbol: MSOERT2_CreateStreamOnHFileW
Symbol: AsusVr_SetModeInfo
Symbol: sxs_SxsOleAut32MapIIDToProxyStubCLSID
Symbol: ntmssvc_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ntmssvc_DllInstall
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_ufn2dnW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_dn2ufnW
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetTrustedDomainInfoByName
Symbol: advapi32_GetAuditedPermissionsFromAclW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enumerate_Enumerators_ExA
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnlpe
Symbol: xactsrv_XsSamOEMChangePasswordUser2_P
Symbol: rasser_PortGetInfo
Symbol: winhttp_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iprtprio_ComputeRouteMetric
Symbol: cards_WEP
Symbol: user32_RedrawWindow
Symbol: user32_IsCharUpperW
Symbol: user32_DdeCreateStringHandleA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptStringToBinaryA
Symbol: crypt32_CryptBinaryToStringA
Symbol: netui1_MakeArgvArgc
Symbol: ODBC32_g_hHeapMalloc
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Invert_Range_List
Symbol: rtutils_SetIoCompletionProc
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetDTCLogSizeW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarXor
Symbol: advapi32_LsaLookupPrivilegeDisplayName
Symbol: kernel32_OpenMutexW
Symbol: rasman_RasPortEnum
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Global_State
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Delete_Class_Key
Symbol: usrrtosa_ISF_Enter
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvGetWindowsDirectoryW
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetRouteAge
Symbol: rtm_RtmGetDestInfo
Symbol: msi_MsiUseFeatureW
Symbol: shell32_PathIsSlowW
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpSetSuperScopeV4
Symbol: user32_SetClassWord
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSGetSupportFlags
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgCalculateEncodedLength
Symbol: crypt32_CertOpenSystemStoreA
Symbol: SQLSRV32_ConfigDSNW
Symbol: rpcss_GetRPCSSInfo
Symbol: snmpapi_SnmpUtilPrintAsnAny
Symbol: winsta_WinStationServerPing
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpFreePdu
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryFileLogW
Symbol: winfax_FaxOpenPort
Symbol: rpcns4_I_RpcNsRaiseException
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnlpe
Symbol: dssenh_CPExportKey
Symbol: dbghelp_SymRegisterCallback64
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalMesh1
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsHelperGetCurrentRowMessage
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2CCW
Symbol: msvcrt__XcptFilter
Symbol: user32_GetWindowRgn
Symbol: cryptui_WizardFree
Symbol: cryptui_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: netui0_UserPreferenceSetBool
Symbol: mtxoci_MTxOciRegisterCursor
Symbol: anvioctl_ChangeDisplayDevice
Symbol: SHLWAPI_wnsprintfA
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetDomainInformationPolicy
Symbol: kernel32_WriteConsoleOutputW
Symbol: kernel32_VirtualBufferExceptionHandler
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetWSAProtocolInfo
Symbol: nview_DMSetSetting
Symbol: nview_NVLoadString
Symbol: tapi32_lineDevSpecificFeature
Symbol: rpcns4_I_RpcNsNegotiateTransferSyntax
Symbol: raschap_RasEapGetCredentials
Symbol: ntmsevt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsArray
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNextEachCollObj
Symbol: glu32_gluNurbsCurve
Symbol: opengl32_glEvalMesh2
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaGetObjectCount
Symbol: psnt_InitializePrintMonitor
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryAttributesFile
Symbol: ntdll_NtUnlockVirtualMemory
Symbol: esent_ese
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarSetForestTrustInformation
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluSetDtcUserInfo
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcSpAgencyInfoDecode
Symbol: expsrv_rtcIsObject
Symbol: scecli_SceSetDatabaseSetting
Symbol: winmm_timeSetEvent
Symbol: winmm_mmDrvInstall
Symbol: advapi32_CreatePrivateObjectSecurityEx
Symbol: advapi32_CreateCodeAuthzLevel
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetSessionGetInfo
Symbol: usp10_ScriptItemize
Symbol: tsappcmp_TermsrvSetValueKey
Symbol: slbcsp_CPExportKey
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLFreeConnect
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastReleaseAddress
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsArray
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNextEachCollObj
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSetObjAddref
Symbol: apcups_UPSGetState
Symbol: apphelp_SdbFindFirstNamedTag
Symbol: crtdll__vsnwprintf
Symbol: msvcrt__osplatform
Symbol: user32_GetScrollPos
Symbol: crypt32_CryptAcquireContextU
Symbol: mprapi_MprConfigInterfaceTransportAdd
Symbol: ntdll_RtlRevertMemoryStream
Symbol: ntdll_NtResetEvent
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Remove_SubTree_Ex
Symbol: rtutils_RouterLogEventDataW
Symbol: gdi32_GdiGetCodePage
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluGetJoinMasterW
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreateLinkFromClip
Symbol: msorcl32_SQLColumns
Symbol: winmm_midiOutReset
Symbol: advapi32_ReadEncryptedFileRaw
Symbol: advapi32_GetInformationCodeAuthzLevelW
Symbol: kernel32_DelayLoadFailureHook
Symbol: rasman_RasPppStart
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupAppendStringToMultiSz
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilFindExpandSzProperty
Symbol: rasppp_HelperResetDefaultInterfaceNet
Symbol: winhttp_WinHttpQueryHeaders
Symbol: wzcsapi_WZCSvcMain
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSetObjAddref
Symbol: pautoenr_ProvAutoEnrollment
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetAssetStallPoint
Symbol: gpkcsp_CPExportKey
Symbol: user32_PostMessageW
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareAdd
Symbol: drprov_NPCloseEnum
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecZeroCharStringNoAlloc
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSimpleChoice
Symbol: WININET_ForceNexusLookupExW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDatePart
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSpaceVar
Symbol: URLMON_GetClassURL
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterServiceCtrlHandlerExW
Symbol: samlib_SamGetAliasMembership
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Connect_MachineW
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServiceControl
Symbol: rastapi_RemovePort
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetCaps
Symbol: ntmsapi_SetNtmsRequestOrder
Symbol: modemui_drvCommConfigDialogA
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAGetVolume
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCommandAlignment
Symbol: shell32_SHGetDiskFreeSpaceExA
Symbol: shell32_SHEnumerateUnreadMailAccountsW
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpGetOptionInfoV5DS
Symbol: msvcrt__safe_fprem1
Symbol: user32_VkKeyScanExW
Symbol: user32_OpenDesktopW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlInsertElementGenericTableAvl
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDestroyEnvironment
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_Size_ExA
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateStaticFromData
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeGetTrustedShareA
Symbol: ComCSDecoder_DllCanUnloadNow
Symbol: lame_enc_lame_close
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetAutodialParamA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiRemoveDeviceInterface
Symbol: winfax_FaxGetPortW
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminFinderSetInfo
Symbol: rtm_RtmDeleteRoute
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlAlloc
Symbol: mscms_SetColorProfileElementReference
Symbol: exts_obja
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpDsClearHostServerEntries
Symbol: apphelp_ApphelpFixMsiPackage
Symbol: pstorec_PStoreEnumProviders
Symbol: ntdll_log
Symbol: ntdll_ZwCreatePort
Symbol: ntdll_NtVdmControl
Symbol: netui1_MxAsciifyRpcBufferAux
Symbol: rpcrt4_CStdStubBuffer_Invoke
Symbol: winmm_waveOutClose
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSendMsg
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_GetBkColor
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedDecrement
Symbol: samlib_SamEnumerateDomainsInSamServer
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Merge_Range_List
Symbol: rasppp_PppDdmStart
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetDescRecW
Symbol: jet500_JetGetLogInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glDisableClientState
Symbol: mydocs_PerUserInit
Symbol: crypt32_CryptVerifyDetachedMessageHash
Symbol: ntdll_tan
Symbol: ntdll_RtlWriteRegistryValue
Symbol: davclnt_DavFreeUsedDiskSpace
Symbol: esent_JetDupCursor
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecOctetString_FixedSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrEncapsulatedUnionMemorySize
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInputCharCountVar
Symbol: expsrv_GetMemEvent
Symbol: query_InitializeFILTERPerformanceData
Symbol: winsta_WinStationShadowStop
Symbol: advapi32_AccessCheck
Symbol: imagehlp_SymRegisterCallback
Symbol: imagehlp_MapDebugInformation
Symbol: msvcrt20__vsnprintf
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplPCSetup
Symbol: wiashext_AddDeviceWasChosenA
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminETCMapSetInfo
Symbol: ntmarta_AccTreeResetNamedSecurityInfo
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_DhcpOpenGlobalEvent
Symbol: msvbvm50_ThunRTMain
Symbol: lpk_LpkGetTextExtentExPoint
Symbol: wship6_freeaddrinfo
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetCaptureExecTable
Symbol: exts_heap
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateLinkFromDataEx
Symbol: ws2help_WahOpenCurrentThread
Symbol: expsrv_rtcBstrFromFormatVar
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathIsURLW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_count_values_len
Symbol: kernel32_LeaveCriticalSection
Symbol: msvcrt20__wspawnvpe
Symbol: msvcrt20__snwprintf
Symbol: nview_WMGetSetting
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrintProcessorDatatypesW
Symbol: setupdll_SetEnvVar
Symbol: psbase_SPEnumTypes
Symbol: npptools_SendEvent
Symbol: msvbvm60_ThunRTMain
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAGetReport
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetHidGuid
Symbol: syssetup_SetupReadPhoneList
Symbol: user32_ScrollWindow
Symbol: user32_EnumPropsExA
Symbol: user32_CtxInitUser32
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIFreeCertificatePropertiesPagesA
Symbol: ntdll_cos
Symbol: ntdll_RtlCopyMemoryStreamTo
Symbol: ntdll_NtPulseEvent
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenMutant
Symbol: davclnt_DavGetDiskSpaceUsage
Symbol: msdtcprx_DllGetTransactionManagerCore
Symbol: olecli32_PbCreateFromTemplate
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerInit
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyNetlogonDllHandle
Symbol: advapi32_CredDeleteA
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetServerDiskEnum
Symbol: wow32_WOWUseMciavi16
Symbol: uxtheme_GetThemeBackgroundContentRect
Symbol: spoolss_AlignKMPtr
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsEntryExpandNameA
Symbol: rasppp_HelperSetDefaultInterfaceNetEx
Symbol: msvcrt40__vsnprintf
Symbol: msports_PortsClassInstaller
Symbol: lpk_LpkGetCharacterPlacement
Symbol: msvcrt__getsystime
Symbol: crypt32_CertDeleteCertificateFromStore
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQuerySecurityObject
Symbol: ntdll_RtlLookupElementGenericTableAvl
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLEndTran
Symbol: gdi32_AddFontResourceTracking
Symbol: ole32_WdtpInterfacePointer_UserMarshal
Symbol: samsrv_SamIPromote
Symbol: expsrv_rtcFileCopy
Symbol: MSOERT2_OpenFileStreamShareW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_bind_sA
Symbol: kernel32_RegisterWaitForSingleObjectEx
Symbol: wlnotify_SensPostShellEvent
Symbol: utildll_StrSystemWaitReason
Symbol: utildll_CalculateElapsedTime
Symbol: rtm_RtmFindNextHop
Symbol: rasser_PortSetInfo
Symbol: msvcrt40__wspawnvpe
Symbol: msvcrt40__snwprintf
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarIndexLoadRef
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_ParsePacketRecord
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsApiSetDebugGlobals
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapParsePageControl
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec2Dot
Symbol: syssetup_InitializeSetupLog
Symbol: user32_SetRectEmpty
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminMIBBufferFree
Symbol: ntdll_NtRestoreKey
Symbol: samsrv_SamrGetGroupsForUser
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluSetDTCLogSizeW
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluIsSameClusterW
Symbol: version_VerQueryValueIndexW
Symbol: expsrv___vbaLateMemNamedStAd
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCopyKeyW
Symbol: netapi32_NetMessageBufferSend
Symbol: kd1394_KdD0Transition
Symbol: winmm_auxGetVolume
Symbol: oleaut32_VarDecCmpR8
Symbol: printui_RegisterPrintNotify
Symbol: rasman_RasPppRetry
Symbol: usp10_UspDllControl
Symbol: rastapi_DeviceGetDevConfigEx
Symbol: odbcconf_CloseDriveSpaceList
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarIndexLoadRef
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcTrimVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1Sgn
Symbol: mobsync_RegGetHandlerRegistrationInfo
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQueryExW
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec3Dot
Symbol: msvcrt__wsplitpath
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLCreateDataSourceW
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetUserMarshalInfo
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrClearOutParameters
Symbol: wintrust_WVTAsn1SpcSpAgencyInfoEncode
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_dnA
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpOidCopy
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpRecvMsg
Symbol: advapi32_RegOverridePredefKey
Symbol: kernel32_BeginUpdateResourceA
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileCreateStreamW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Query_And_Remove_SubTreeW
Symbol: spoolss_GetPrinterDriverExW
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ip6fwcfg_DllInstall
Symbol: odbcconf_RegisterApplication
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcTrimVar
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1Sgn
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsError
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1Var
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaHresultCheckObj
Symbol: mpg4dmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dbghelp_UnDecorateSymbolName
Symbol: certcli_CAFindCertTypeByName
Symbol: dx8vb_VB_D3DXVec4Dot
Symbol: user32_SetWindowRgn
Symbol: user32_GetTopWindow
Symbol: crypt32_CertGetStoreProperty
Symbol: ntdll_RtlExtendedMagicDivide
Symbol: wdigest_CredentialUpdateFree
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIUnregisterAllPolicyChangeNotificationCallback
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcReceive
Symbol: mtxclu_MtxCluCreateRecommendedLogInfo
Symbol: advpack_RebootCheckOnInstall
Symbol: es_NotifyLogonUser
Symbol: olecli32_OleRegisterClientDoc
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleConvertEnrichedToHTML
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerTerm
Symbol: regapi_RegGetMachinePolicyEx
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_abandon
Symbol: advapi32_GetLocalManagedApplicationData
Symbol: advapi32_EnableTrace
Symbol: kernel32_GetHandleInformation
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleKeyboardLayoutNameW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupShouldDeviceBeExcluded
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Open_DevNode_Key
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_IDA
Symbol: setupdll_GetWindowsNtSysDir
Symbol: pdh_PdhGetDefaultPerfObjectW
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLExecDirectW
Symbol: wzcsvc_WZCQueryGUIDNCSState
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsError
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1Var
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaHresultCheckObj
Symbol: mscms_CreateProfileFromLogColorSpaceW
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetUiLong
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIfTableFromStack
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsExtractRecordsFromMessage_W
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerGetConfig
Symbol: ntdll_sin
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryBootEntryOrder
Symbol: netui1_MxRestoreClientBuffer
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLConfigDataSourceW
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncSimpleChoice
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingHandleToAsyncHandle
Symbol: ole32_OleTranslateAccelerator
Symbol: netapi32_NetGetDisplayInformationIndex
Symbol: kd1394_KdD3Transition
Symbol: regapi_RegCdDeleteA
Symbol: winmm_waveOutPause
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_first_attributeA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_deleteA
Symbol: advapi32_CredRenameA
Symbol: comdlg32_CommDlgExtendedError
Symbol: kernel32_GetUserDefaultLangID
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasExesA
Symbol: userenv_RsopResetPolicySettingStatus
Symbol: synceng_GetOpenBriefcaseInfo
Symbol: odbcconf_ParseVersionDataFromStringEx
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetUiHook
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3bv
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetPhoneDUNA
Symbol: admparse_CheckDuplicateKeysW
Symbol: crtdll__abnormal_termination
Symbol: user32_SetScrollPos
Symbol: newdev_InstallSelectedDevice
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptTouchLruEntry
Symbol: netui0_NETUI_IsDBCS
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrConformantVaryingStructFree
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLateMemCallLd
Symbol: regapi_RegCdCreateA
Symbol: srclient_SRSetRestorePointW
Symbol: advapi32_SetInformationCodeAuthzLevelW
Symbol: advapi32_ChangeServiceConfig2A
Symbol: winstrm_OpenStream
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilStopService
Symbol: rasrad_RasAcctProviderStartAccounting
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLFetchScroll
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaNextEachCollVar
Symbol: glu32_gluTessVertex
Symbol: duser_GetGadgetMessageFilter
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsValidateService
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsDeleteOptionDef
Symbol: dbghelp_ImagehlpApiVersionEx
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdGetInternalMoCompInfo
Symbol: nddenb32_NDDEGetCAPS
Symbol: user32_IMPQueryIMEW
Symbol: netui1_MNetShareDel
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLTablesW
Symbol: lsasrv_LsaIQueryUpnSuffixes
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_UuidCreate
Symbol: expsrv_rtcGetTimer
Symbol: ComTruSurroundXT_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: kernel32_CreateWaitableTimerW
Symbol: samlib_SamCreateUserInDomain
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryInfOriginalFileInformationA
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtEntryDeleteA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaNextEachCollVar
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSetVarAddref
Symbol: jgaw400_JgAStartPlay
Symbol: jgaw400_JgASetVolume
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetOptionInfoV5DS
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsCreateOptionDef
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3dv
Symbol: ntdll_ZwUnlockVirtualMemory
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLPutData
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLExecute
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncOctetString_FixedSize
Symbol: gdi32_DeleteMetaFile
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsFreeSchemaGuidMapW
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeSetTrustedShareA
Symbol: AllNode_AllNode_End
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPIReadMail
Symbol: netapi32_I_BrowserQueryEmulatedDomains
Symbol: netapi32_DsGetDcSiteCoverageW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_searchA
Symbol: kernel32_ConvertDefaultLocale
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileFindFirstLine
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetAutodialParamA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Next_Res_Des
Symbol: winfax_FaxSetPortW
Symbol: spoolss_RevertToPrinterSelf
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtEntryCreateA
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSetVarAddref
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcVarType
Symbol: msvbvm50_rtcIsEmpty
Symbol: jgmd400_JgMDShutDown
Symbol: inseng_GetICifRWFileFromFile
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdQueryDirectDrawObject
Symbol: syssetup_ViewSetupActionLog
Symbol: msvcrt__vscwprintf
Symbol: user32_GetCursorPos
Symbol: ntdll_ZwResetEvent
Symbol: ntdll_NtListenPort
Symbol: ole32_CoFileTimeToDosDateTime
Symbol: ole32_CoDosDateTimeToFileTime
Symbol: nvinstnt_NvInstallW64DispDrv
Symbol: mpr_MultinetGetConnectionPerformanceA
Symbol: msjint40_CchLszOfId2
Symbol: expsrv_rtcTypeName
Symbol: mscoree_MetaDataGetDispenser
Symbol: sti_ci_WiaAddDevice
Symbol: wldap32_ber_peek_tag
Symbol: wtsapi32_WTSQueryUserConfigW
Symbol: advapi32_NotifyChangeEventLog
Symbol: advapi32_LookupPrivilegeNameA
Symbol: advapi32_GetSidLengthRequired
Symbol: advapi32_EncryptedFileKeyInfo
Symbol: comctl32_ImageList_SetBkColor
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_GetScrollInfo
Symbol: spoolss_MarshallUpStructure
Symbol: spoolss_AddPortExW
Symbol: rtm_RtmLockNextHop
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcVarType
Symbol: msvbvm60_rtcIsEmpty
Symbol: ieakeng_AddADMItemW
Symbol: exts_help
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3fv
Symbol: ole32_HMETAFILE_UserUnmarshal
Symbol: expsrv_SetMemEvent
Symbol: winmm_waveOutReset
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_add_ext
Symbol: csrsrv_CsrShutdownProcesses
Symbol: tapi32_lineMakeCallA
Symbol: t2embed_TTRunValidationTests
Symbol: sqlunirl_wsprintf_
Symbol: raschap_RasEapInvokeConfigUI
Symbol: keymgr_PRShowRestoreWizardW
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpPausePlay
Symbol: jet500_JetEndSession
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpSetSuperScopeV4DS
Symbol: msgina_WlxShutdown
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaUpdateRefsA
Symbol: rpcrt4_IUnknown_AddRef_Proxy
Symbol: ole32_CoCreateObjectInContext
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawEnumerateExA
Symbol: imm32_ImmPutImeMenuItemsIntoMappedFile
Symbol: query_FsCiShutdown
Symbol: wldap32_ber_bvecfree
Symbol: kernel32_InterlockedIncrement
Symbol: kernel32_ExpungeConsoleCommandHistoryA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Request_Eject_PC
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Enumerate_Enumerators_ExW
Symbol: nview_WMSetSetting
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplGetClearViewMonConfigLimit
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLDataSources
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATCatalogInfoFromContext
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalDeleteIpForwardEntry
Symbol: d3dim_Direct3DCreate
Symbol: user32_DdeCreateStringHandleW
Symbol: crypt32_PFXExportCertStoreEx
Symbol: crypt32_CryptStringToBinaryW
Symbol: crypt32_CryptBinaryToStringW
Symbol: ntdll_ZwVdmControl
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetSystemPowerState
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryTimer
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDIBitmap
Symbol: expsrv_rtcSendKeys
Symbol: expsrv_rtcLeftBstr
Symbol: URLMON_ZonesReInit
Symbol: mscoree_RuntimeReleaseHandle
Symbol: INETCOMM_CreatePOP3Transport
Symbol: avwav_WavMixerSupportsLevel
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveBackslashA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_DelayLoadFailureHook
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetlogonComputeServerDigest
Symbol: secur32_CredMarshalTargetInfo
Symbol: vdmredir_VrIsNamedPipeHandle
Symbol: advapi32_LsaEnumerateAccounts
Symbol: imagehlp_MapAndLoad
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetUnsupportedApi
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetPrintQContinue
Symbol: shimeng_SE_InstallBeforeInit
Symbol: rtipxmib_SnmpExtensionQuery
Symbol: rasmontr_RutlParse
Symbol: _to4svc_ServiceMain
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarSetUnkAddref
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalCreateIpForwardEntry
Symbol: dbgeng_DebugConnect
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3iv
Symbol: msvcrt__setsystime
Symbol: crypt32_CertOpenSystemStoreW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlTraceDatabaseUnlock
Symbol: ntdll_NtQueryEvent
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplImportDirLock
Symbol: esent_JetBeginExternalBackup
Symbol: gdi32_GdiPlayPageEMF
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsIsMangledRdnValueA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVar2Vec
Symbol: expsrv_rtcRightVar
Symbol: advapi32_CreateProcessAsUserA
Symbol: advapi32_A_SHAUpdate
Symbol: basesrv_BaseSrvNlsUpdateRegistryCache
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLineFromAddr64
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetSharedAutoDial
Symbol: wshnetbs_WSHNotify
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingUnexportA
Symbol: odbcconf_PopulateInfFileList
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarSetUnkAddref
Symbol: mprddm_RasAcctProviderStartAccounting
Symbol: kbdnec_KbdNlsLayerDescriptor
Symbol: ip6fwapi_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ieakeng_GetFavoritesInfoTipA
Symbol: hid_HidD_GetFeature
Symbol: certcli_CAOIDDelete
Symbol: adsldpc_ADsGetNextColumnName
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetProviderIdA
Symbol: ole32_StgGetIFillLockBytesOnILockBytes
Symbol: expsrv_rtcDoEvents
Symbol: SHLWAPI_wnsprintfW
Symbol: winmm_auxSetVolume
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteFileA
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcRemoteGetUserPreferences
Symbol: spoolss_EnumPrinterDriversW
Symbol: shell32_DAD_DragMove
Symbol: netui2_ShellDlgProc
Symbol: user32_SetWindowPos
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIStartCertMgr
Symbol: ntdll_ZwPulseEvent
Symbol: ntdll_ZwOpenMutant
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapReAlloc
Symbol: gdi32_CreateDIBPatternBrushPt
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcGetAsyncCallStatus
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcAsyncGetCallStatus
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRCContextUnmarshall
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameSignatureGeneration
Symbol: kernel32_IsValidLanguageGroup
Symbol: kernel32_CreateFileA
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDuplicateDiskSpaceListA
Symbol: vdmdbg_VDMGetSegtablePointer
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminServerGetInfo
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupEnumConnections
Symbol: msls31_LsPointUV2FromPointUV1
Symbol: mp4sdmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: jet500_JetGetCounter
Symbol: iphlpapi_SetAdapterIpAddress
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalGetTcpTable
Symbol: exts_dlls
Symbol: exts_avrf
Symbol: dpserial_CreateNewDirectPlay
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSAllocateConcurrentLicense
Symbol: crypt32_CertSetStoreProperty
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDosApplyFileIsolationRedirection_Ustr
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLFreeHandle
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrSimpleTypeMarshall
Symbol: MSOERT2_HrEditPhonebookEntry
Symbol: kernel32_SetHandleInformation
Symbol: kernel32_EnterCriticalSection
Symbol: oleaut32_GetVarConversionLocaleSetting
Symbol: msvcrt20___p__acmdln
Symbol: usp10_ScriptJustify
Symbol: spoolss_RouterRefreshPrinterChangeNotification
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminVolumeGetInfo
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilSetUnknownProperties
Symbol: msls31_LsLwMultDivR
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpSetUiLong
Symbol: icaapi_IcaStackOpen
Symbol: shell32_GetFileNameFromBrowse
Symbol: docprop2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: dhcpsapi_DhcpServerSetConfig
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3ubv
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeFlagsEx
Symbol: netui2_BltCCWndProc
Symbol: iuengine_EngGetOperationMode
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFreeSpace
Symbol: ntdll_pow
Symbol: ntdll_ZwRestoreKey
Symbol: winipsec_CloseMMFilterHandle
Symbol: winipsec_IPSecRegisterIKENotifyClient
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDiagRec
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorLoadErrorInfo
Symbol: netapi32_NlBindingSetAuthInfo
Symbol: netapi32_NetpReleasePrivilege
Symbol: ntlanman_NPGetReconnectFlags
Symbol: kernel32_LocalHandle
Symbol: xactsrv_XsNetWkstaUserLogon
Symbol: winfax_FaxCompleteJobParamsA
Symbol: utildll_CachedGetUserFromSid
Symbol: inetmib1_SnmpExtensionInitEx
Symbol: mprddm_DDMAdminServerGetInfo
Symbol: modemui_drvCommConfigDialogW
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpSetUiHook
Symbol: iphlpapi_InternalGetUdpTable
Symbol: shell32_CDefFolderMenu_Create2
Symbol: shell32_SHGetDiskFreeSpaceExW
Symbol: exts_atom
Symbol: esentprf_OpenPerformanceData
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4ubv
Symbol: cnvfat_IsConversionAvailable
Symbol: adsldpc_AllocADsMem
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapMemFree
Symbol: psnt_DllEntryPoint
Symbol: user32_DdeAccessData
Symbol: cscdll_CSCPurgeUnpinnedFiles
Symbol: ntdll_DbgSetDebugFilterState
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Get_Device_ID_List_Size_ExW
Symbol: wshtcpip_WSHNotify
Symbol: msgina_WlxGetConsoleSwitchCredentials
Symbol: winscard_SCardEndTransaction
Symbol: gdi32_GetCharWidth32A
Symbol: rpcrt4_NdrGetBuffer
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeGetTrustedShareW
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetAllocator
Symbol: dxmrtp_GetVideoCapDeviceInfo
Symbol: imm32_CtfImmSetAppCompatFlags
Symbol: regapi_RegPdDeleteA
Symbol: srclient_SRUnregisterSnapshotCallback
Symbol: winmm_waveOutWrite
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_memfree
Symbol: advapi32_LsaGetRemoteUserName
Symbol: rasapi32_RasGetAutodialParamW
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiClassGuidsFromNameExA
Symbol: security_AddSecurityPackageA
Symbol: rasauto_SetAddressDisabledEx
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupDelete
Symbol: nwprovau_NwSetLogonOptionsInRegistry
Symbol: ntmarta_AccLookupAccountName
Symbol: msvcrt40___p__acmdln
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpGetReport
Symbol: jet500_JetExecuteSql
Symbol: duser_SetGadgetMessageFilter
Symbol: dsprop_ReportError
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeToAdsTypeDNWithBinary
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSAllocateInternetLicenseEx
Symbol: ipnathlp_NatCreateRedirectEx
Symbol: schannel_SpLsaModeInitialize
Symbol: gdi32_bMakePathNameW
Symbol: comsvcs_CoLeaveServiceDomain
Symbol: MSOERT2_StreamSubStringMatch
Symbol: regapi_RegPdCreateA
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_ShowScrollBar
Symbol: imagehlp_SymGetLineFromName64
Symbol: oleaut32_RegisterActiveObject
Symbol: setupdll_GetSelectedKeyboard
Symbol: scredir_SCardCancel
Symbol: rtm_RtmIsBestRoute
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupCreate
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLForeignKeys
Symbol: nwprovau_NPGetUser
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaUI1Str
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaStrUI1
Symbol: wmvcore_WMIsAvailableOffline
Symbol: msvcrt__vsnwprintf
Symbol: mprapi_MprAdminInterfaceEnum
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryBootEntryOrder
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirLock
Symbol: netui1_MNetFileEnum
Symbol: ODBC32_MpHeapCompact
Symbol: SQLSRV32_SQLSetScrollOptions
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecOctetString_VarSizeEx
Symbol: ole32_CoRegisterMessageFilter
Symbol: ole32_CoFreeUnusedLibrariesEx
Symbol: advpack_FileSaveRestoreOnINF
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleSMimeCapInit
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetFileInfoW
Symbol: MSOERT2_PszEscapeMenuStringA
Symbol: wuaueng1_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: netapi32_NetRegisterDomainNameChangeNotification
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsModifyPrefix
Symbol: winmm_mciLoadCommandResource
Symbol: advapi32_UninstallApplication
Symbol: oleaut32_OleLoadPictureFileEx
Symbol: wiashext_AddDeviceWasChosenW
Symbol: resutils_ResUtilGetProperty
Symbol: wzcsapi_GetSpecificLogRecord
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaUI1Str
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaStrUI1
Symbol: mspatcha_ApplyPatchToFileExA
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSGetReport
Symbol: glu32_gluLoadSamplingMatrices
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetHeaderf
Symbol: cmdial32_CmReConnect
Symbol: syssetup_SetupGetGeoOptions
Symbol: user32_SetCursorPos
Symbol: ntdll__alloca_probe
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupAdd
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcProtseqVectorFreeA
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameFreeBuffer
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_SetScrollInfo
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteFiber
Symbol: oleaut32_LPSAFEARRAY_UserFree
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Run_Detection_Ex
Symbol: jet500_JetGetVersion
Symbol: iassam_IASParmsQueryRasUser0
Symbol: hlink_HlinkCreateFromMoniker
Symbol: drmv2clt_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: iuengine_AsyncExtraWorkUponEngineLoad
Symbol: crtdll__beginthread
Symbol: wmsdmoe2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: user32_SetSysColors
Symbol: user32_ReasonCodeNeedsComment
Symbol: user32_EnumPropsExW
Symbol: cryptui_CryptUIFreeCertificatePropertiesPagesW
Symbol: ntdll_RtlNtStatusToDosError
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindSetBitsAndClear
Symbol: ntdll_RtlFindClearBitsAndSet
Symbol: ntdll_RtlDowncaseUnicodeChar
Symbol: esent_JetEnableMultiInstance
Symbol: anvioctl_ACOLOR_GetColorInfo
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPISendMail
Symbol: sxs_CreateAssemblyNameObject
Symbol: imgutil_DecodeImage
Symbol: GEARAspi_GASPIGetDriveLetter
Symbol: winmm_mciFreeCommandResource
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modrdnA
Symbol: advapi32_RegLoadKeyA
Symbol: advapi32_CredDeleteW
Symbol: kernel32_ReplaceFile
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalAlloc
Symbol: kernel32_CreateFiber
Symbol: kernel32_ConvertThreadToFiber
Symbol: kernel32_ConvertFiberToThread
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI1FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromI1
Symbol: sccbase_CPGenRandom
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsEntryExpandNameW
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaRecDestructAnsi
Symbol: miglibnt_MigDllAddDllToListW
Symbol: shell32_SHReplaceFromPropSheetExtArray
Symbol: opengl32_glNormal3sv
Symbol: opengl32_glEdgeFlagv
Symbol: cmutil_CmLoadImageA
Symbol: adsldpc_SchemaClose
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapDeleteS
Symbol: syssetup_SetupShellSettings
Symbol: msimtf_MsimtfIsGuidMapEnable
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_control
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_columns
Symbol: expsrv_PutMemEvent
Symbol: netlogon_I_NetNotifyDsChange
Symbol: scecli_SceGetDbTime
Symbol: scecli_SceDcPromoCreateGPOsInSysvolEx
Symbol: umpnpmgr_RegisterScmCallback
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_bind_sW
Symbol: kernel32_GetFileAttributesExA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromI2
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI2FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayGetElemsize
Symbol: setupapi_SetupInstallServicesFromInfSectionExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Setup_DevNode_Ex
Symbol: nvcpl_NvCplSetClearViewMonConfigLimit
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminStatisticsGet
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupParseInvitation
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeMulNFAData
Symbol: pdh_PdhSetCounterScaleFactor
Symbol: pdh_PdhPlaScheduleA
Symbol: ntmarta_AccConvertSDToAccess
Symbol: ntmarta_AccConvertAccessToSD
Symbol: ncxpnt_IsAdapterDisconnected
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaRecDestructAnsi
Symbol: mscat32_CryptCATGetMemberInfo
Symbol: jgsh400_JgSPauseShow
Symbol: glmf32_glsGetHeaderi
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3uiv
Symbol: crtdll__commode_dll
Symbol: ntdll_ZwListenPort
Symbol: odbcbcp_bcp_sendrow
Symbol: WININET_DeleteUrlCacheEntryA
Symbol: MSOERT2_FIsHTMLFile
Symbol: anvioctl_LCDCTL_GetLCDStatus
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_compare
Symbol: kernel32_GlobalFlags
Symbol: kernel32_GetSystemDefaultLCID
Symbol: kernel32_EnumSystemCodePagesA
Symbol: wmvdmoe2_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: ieakeng_SaveADMItem
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsFlushResolverCache
Symbol: opengl32_glIsEnabled
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4uiv
Symbol: mstlsapi_TLSCheckLicenseMark
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptCreateLruCache
Symbol: ntdll_RtlUpcaseUnicodeStringToCountedOemString
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplImportDirEnum
Symbol: gdi32_GetICMProfileA
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerRegisterIfEx
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorGetNextRecord
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRSContextMarshallEx
Symbol: WININET_GopherCreateLocatorA
Symbol: WININET_CreateUrlCacheEntryA
Symbol: expsrv___vbaCyMulI2
Symbol: icwphbk_PhoneBookDisplaySignUpNumbers
Symbol: oakley_IKENotifyPolicyChange
Symbol: regapi_RegWdDeleteA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_cleanup
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_get_dnW
Symbol: advapi32_UnregisterTraceGuids
Symbol: kernel32_BeginUpdateResourceW
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromI4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI4FromCy
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupInfCacheBuild
Symbol: setupapi_SetupDiBuildClassInfoListExA
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Get_Device_Interface_ListA
Symbol: traffic_TcAddFilter
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeNegPolData
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeISAKMPData
Symbol: ntmsapi_CreateNtmsMediaPoolA
Symbol: msports_SerialDisplayAdvancedSettings
Symbol: hid_HidD_SetFeature
Symbol: certcli_CAEnumCertTypesForCA
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapSearchS
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapMsgFree
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdSetGammaRamp
Symbol: d3d8thk_OsThunkDdCreateMoComp
Symbol: cscdll_CSCFindClose
Symbol: ntdll_NtOpenObjectAuditAlarm
Symbol: gdi32_GdiFixUpHandle
Symbol: gdi32_EngLockSurface
Symbol: ole32_OleCreateMenuDescriptor
Symbol: wintrust_GenericChainCertificateTrust
Symbol: WININET_GopherFindFirstFileA
Symbol: SHLWAPI_SHCreateShellPalette
Symbol: regapi_RegWdCreateA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_modifyA
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_msgfree
Symbol: advapi32_GetCurrentHwProfileA
Symbol: kernel32_HeapReAlloc
Symbol: rasman_RasRpcRemoteSetUserPreferences
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Add_IDW
Symbol: utildll_AsyncDeviceEnumerate
Symbol: spoolss_EnumFormsW
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreeFilterData
Symbol: msvbvm50_Zombie_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: jgpl400_JgpStartPlay
Symbol: certcli_CAGetCertTypeKeySpec
Symbol: crtdll__j0
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdiv_m32
Symbol: activeds_ADsBuildVarArrayInt
Symbol: icmp_IcmpCreateFile
Symbol: ntdll_ZwSetSystemPowerState
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryTimer
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheckByTypeResultListAndAuditAlarmByHandle
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLGetDescRec
Symbol: winscard_SCardReleaseContext
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PERDecSeqOf_NoSize
Symbol: rpcrt4_I_RpcBindingInqDynamicEndpointA
Symbol: mapi32_BMAPISaveMail
Symbol: sbeio_DVRCreateDVRFileSource
Symbol: regapi_RegCdDeleteW
Symbol: wldap32_ber_skip_tag
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_first_attributeW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_deleteW
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_connect
Symbol: HAL_READ_PORT_UCHAR
Symbol: advapi32_LsaOpenTrustedDomain
Symbol: advapi32_CredRenameW
Symbol: kernel32_GetConsoleAliasExesW
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminServerSetInfo
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLGetTypeInfo
Symbol: msvbvm60_Zombie_GetIDsOfNames
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fpatan
Symbol: msvbvm50__adj_fdiv_r
Symbol: mshtmled_DllEnumClassObjects
Symbol: loghours_LogonScheduleDialog
Symbol: shell32_SHCreateStdEnumFmtEtc
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsModifyOptionDef
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2dv
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookHasPhoneType
Symbol: cfgbkend_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: crtdll__j1
Symbol: ntdll_ZwQueryEvent
Symbol: ntdll_LdrGetProcedureAddress
Symbol: winipsec_EnumIPSecInterfaces
Symbol: cfgmgr32_CM_Detect_Resource_Conflict_Ex
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1ztchar32string_free
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1BERDecTag
Symbol: gdi32_AnimatePalette
Symbol: olecli32_OleIsDcMeta
Symbol: mscoree_GetGlobalContextsPerfCounters
Symbol: NCTAudioInformation2_DllGetClassObject
Symbol: regapi_RegCdCreateW
Symbol: advapi32_ChangeServiceConfig2W
Symbol: kernel32_MapUserPhysicalPages
Symbol: kernel32_CloseHandle
Symbol: oleaut32_SetVarConversionLocaleSetting
Symbol: usrsvpia_svpiIssue
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fpatan
Symbol: msvcrt20__adj_fdiv_r
Symbol: sfmapi_AfpAdminVolumeSetInfo
Symbol: netshell_HrCreateDesktopIcon
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fpatan
Symbol: msvbvm60__adj_fdiv_r
Symbol: mcd32_MCDUpdateTexturePalette
Symbol: jet500_JetSetColumns
Symbol: jet500_JetDupSession
Symbol: exts_list
Symbol: dsauth_DhcpDsServerAddSubnet
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3dv
Symbol: certcli_CASetCertTypeFlagsEx
Symbol: iuengine_EngSetOperationMode
Symbol: expsrv_rtcTrimBstr
Symbol: expsrv___vbaStr2Vec
Symbol: expsrv___vbaVarLateMemCallSt
Symbol: netapi32_NetShareAdd
Symbol: netapi32_NetLocalGroupGetInfo
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetLogonSamLogonEx
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpSetPort
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromI8
Symbol: oleaut32_VarI8FromCy
Symbol: oleaut32_SafeArrayDestroyData
Symbol: samlib_SamChangePasswordUser
Symbol: setupapi_SetupQueryInfOriginalFileInformationW
Symbol: wmv8dmod_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: setupdll_GetFileCreationTime
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtEntryDeleteW
Symbol: oleacc_IID_IAccessibleHandler
Symbol: msvbvm50___vbaVarAdd
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4dv
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2fv
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapAddExtS
Symbol: user32_GetKBCodePage
Symbol: crypt32_I_CryptAddSmartCardCertToStore
Symbol: ODBCCP32_SQLLoadDriverListBox
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1ztchar16string_free
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncOctetString_VarSizeEx
Symbol: gdi32_GdiStartDocEMF
Symbol: advpack_GetVersionFromFileEx
Symbol: nddeapi_NDdeSetTrustedShareW
Symbol: ati3d1ag_pDD4DISPDeriveSurface
Symbol: sxs_SxspGenerateManifestPathOnAssemblyIdentity
Symbol: rdpcfgex_ExGetCfgVersionInfo
Symbol: MMDVDROM_MMDVDROMCloseDevice
Symbol: wldap32_ldap_searchW
Symbol: comctl32_FlatSB_GetScrollProp
Symbol: kernel32_SearchPathA
Symbol: rasapi32_RasSetAutodialParamW
Symbol: setupapi_pSetupDiGetDeviceInfoContext
Symbol: msrating_RatingCustomSetDefaultBureau
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsMgmtEntryCreateW
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fpatan
Symbol: msvcrt40__adj_fdiv_r
Symbol: msvbvm60___vbaVarAdd
Symbol: glmf32_glsCommandAPI
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3fv
Symbol: user32_ChangeDisplaySettingsA
Symbol: mswsock_GetAcceptExSockaddrs
Symbol: lsasrv_LsarEnumeratePrivilegesAccount
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcServerUnregisterIf
Symbol: rpcrt4_NDRSContextUnmarshall
Symbol: advpack_FileSaveMarkNotExist
Symbol: mpr_MultinetGetConnectionPerformanceW
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInputBox
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleStripHeaders
Symbol: ati3d2ag_pDD4DISPDeriveSurface
Symbol: wsnmp32_SnmpStartup
Symbol: advapi32_RegisterEventSourceA
Symbol: advapi32_LookupPrivilegeNameW
Symbol: advapi32_BuildTrusteeWithSidA
Symbol: advapi32_BuildImpersonateExplicitAccessWithNameA
Symbol: kernel32_HeapCompact
Symbol: rasapi32_RasfileLoad
Symbol: setupapi_SetupGetFileCompressionInfoA
Symbol: usp10_ScriptTextOut
Symbol: odbcconf_ExpandPath
Symbol: mapistub_cmc_act_on
Symbol: dnsapi_Dns_InitializeWinsock
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4fv
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetPhoneType
Symbol: msvcrt__adj_fdiv_m64
Symbol: msvcrt__abnormal_termination
Symbol: ntdll_NtSetDefaultUILanguage
Symbol: netui1_MNetReplExportDirEnum
Symbol: mswsock_NSPStartup
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1intx2int32
Symbol: rpcrt4_pfnUnmarshallRoutines
Symbol: rpcrt4_RpcErrorSaveErrorInfo
Symbol: ole32_CoGetCallerTID
Symbol: msftedit_RichEditANSIWndProc
Symbol: advapi32_FlushTraceA
Symbol: kernel32_GetNumberOfConsoleInputEvents
Symbol: avifil32_AVIFileInfo
Symbol: tapi32_lineMakeCallW
Symbol: tapi32_lineGetAgentGroupListA
Symbol: rsaenh_CPCreateHash
Symbol: p2p_PeerGetNextItem
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLProceduresW
Symbol: esent97_JetGetTableColumnInfo
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex2iv
Symbol: crtdll__cpumode_dll
Symbol: activeds_FreeADsMem
Symbol: netui1_MNetGroupDel
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsReplicaUpdateRefsW
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsListServersForDomainInSiteA
Symbol: INETCOMM_MimeOleGetBodyPropA
Symbol: ddraw_DirectDrawEnumerateExW
Symbol: shimgvw_ImageView_Fullscreen
Symbol: advapi32_LsaSetSecurityObject
Symbol: kernel32_ExpungeConsoleCommandHistoryW
Symbol: rasman_RasGetUserCredentials
Symbol: VBAME_PickFontBiVBA
Symbol: p2p_PeerGroupUnregisterEvent
Symbol: odbctrac_TraceSQLCloseCursor
Symbol: dhcpcsvc_McastRequestAddress
Symbol: msconf_CallToProtocolHandler
Symbol: icaapi_IcaIoControl
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsRecordStringForWritableType
Symbol: dmdskmgr_GetPropertyPageData
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex3iv
Symbol: opengl32_glColor3usv
Symbol: user32_PackDDElParam
Symbol: user32_GetKeyboardLayoutNameA
Symbol: newdev_InstallSelectedDriver
Symbol: winipsec_DeleteMMAuthMethods
Symbol: ODBC32_SQLExecDirect
Symbol: anvioctl_ACOLOR_SetColorInfo
Symbol: mapi32_HrGetOmiProvidersFlags
Symbol: SHLWAPI_PathRemoveBackslashW
Symbol: netapi32_I_NetDfsGetFtServers
Symbol: ntlanman_I_SystemFocusDialog
Symbol: kernel32_GetGeoInfoA
Symbol: oleaut32_VarCyFromR4
Symbol: oleaut32_VarR4FromCy
Symbol: msctf_TF_CreateInputProcessorProfiles
Symbol: tapi32_lineRedirectA
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsGroupMbrInqNextA
Symbol: psbase_FPasswordChangeNotify
Symbol: iphlpapi_GetIfTable
Symbol: iassvcs_IASVariantChangeType
Symbol: iaspolcy_IASAttributeRelease
Symbol: opengl32_glVertex4iv
Symbol: opengl32_glColor4usv
Symbol: opengl32_glBlendFunc
Symbol: msvcrt___CxxUnregisterExceptionObject
Symbol: crypt32_CryptMsgVerifyCountersignatureEncodedEx
Symbol: gdi32_SelectClipPath
Symbol: ntdsapi_DsIsMangledRdnValueW
Symbol: samsrv_SamIRetrievePrimaryCredentials
Symbol: msjetoledb40_DllMain
Symbol: expsrv_rtcInStrRev
Symbol: olecli32_GetTaskVisibleWindow
Symbol: olecli32_OleActivate
Symbol: mscoree_StrongNameTokenFromAssemblyEx
Symbol: srclient_EnableFIFO
Symbol: webcheck_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: webcheck_DllInstall
Symbol: advapi32_CreateProcessAsUserW
Symbol: setupapi_CM_Register_Device_InterfaceA
Symbol: tapi32_internalRemoveLocation
Symbol: p2pGraph_PeerGraphOpenDirectConnection
Symbol: setupdll_DeleteNetConnection
Symbol: sccbase_CPDeriveKey
Symbol: rpcns4_RpcNsBindingUnexportW
Symbol: msls31_LsFindPrevBreakSubline
Symbol: mcd32_MCDBindContext
Symbol: kerberos_SpLsaModeInitialize
Symbol: ieakeng_GetFavoritesInfoTipW
Symbol: dataclen_DllUnregisterServer
Symbol: opengl32_glAlphaFunc
Symbol: msvcrt___p__commode
Symbol: winscard_SCardGetProviderIdW
Symbol: comsvcs_CoEnterServiceDomain
Symbol: expsrv__adj_fdiv_m32
Symbol: olecli32_LeReconnect
Symbol: winsta_WinStationUnRegisterConsoleNotification
Symbol: kernel32_WriteProfileSectionA
Symbol: kernel32_DeleteFileW
Symbol: EqnClass_CoInstallPortDevice
Symbol: WshRm_WSHGetWildcardSockaddr
Symbol: t2embed_TTGetEmbeddedFontInfo
Symbol: polstore_IPSecFreePolicyData
Symbol: ntmarta_AccSetEntriesInAList
Symbol: npptools_SetMacAddressInBlob
Symbol: mssign32_PvkPrivateKeyAcquireContextFromMemoryA
Symbol: dssenh_CPCreateHash
Symbol: dnsapi_DnsQueryConfigAllocEx
Symbol: dbghelp_SymEnumerateModules64
Symbol: d3drm_D3DRMVectorAdd
Symbol: cmpbk32_PhoneBookGetCountryId
Symbol: atmlib_ATMGetPostScriptNameA
Symbol: adsldpc_ReadServerSupportsIsADControl
Symbol: adsldpc_LdapTypeToAdsTypeDNWithString
Symbol: dsound_DirectSoundEnumerateA
Symbol: user32_FreeDDElParam
Symbol: ntdll_NtAccessCheck
Symbol: ODBC32_PostODBCComponentError
Symbol: msasn1_ASN1PEREncSeqOf_NoSize
Symbol: gdi32_SetICMProfileA
Symbol: samsrv_SamIIsExtendedSidMode
